§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: [to Red] I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living, or get busy dying.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] Sometimes it makes me sad, though... Andy being gone. I have to remind myself that some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up DOES rejoice. But still, the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that they're gone. I guess I just miss my friend.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: [in letter to Red] Remember Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: [referring to Andy using an alias to launder money for the warden] If they ever try to trace any of those accounts, they're gonna end up chasing a figment of my imagination. Red: Well, I'll be damned. Did I say you were good? Shit, you're a Rembrandt! Andy Dufresne: Yeah. The funny thing is - on the outside, I was an honest man, straight as an arrow. I had to come to prison to be a crook.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] I have no idea to this day what those two Italian ladies were singing about. Truth is, I don't want to know. Some things are best left unsaid. I'd like to think they were singing about something so beautiful, it can't be expressed in words, and makes your heart ache because of it. I tell you, those voices soared higher and farther than anybody in a gray place dares to dream. It was like some beautiful bird flapped into our drab little cage and made those walls dissolve away, and for the briefest of moments, every last man in Shawshank felt free.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] Andy Dufresne - who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ 1967 Parole Hearings Man: Ellis Boyd Redding, your files say you've served 40 years of a life sentence. Do you feel you've been rehabilitated? Red: Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. 1967 Parole Hearings Man: Well, it means that you're ready to rejoin society... Red: I know what you think it means, sonny. To me, it's just a made up word. A politician's word, so young fellas like yourself can wear a suit and a tie, and have a job. What do you really want to know? Am I sorry for what I did? 1967 Parole Hearings Man: Well, are you? Red: There's not a day goes by I don't feel regret. Not because I'm in here, because you think I should. I look back on the way I was then: a young, stupid kid who committed that terrible crime. I want to talk to him. I want to try to talk some sense to him, tell him the way things are. But I can't. That kid's long gone, and this old man is all that's left. I got to live with that. Rehabilitated? It's just a bullshit word. So you go on and stamp your form, sonny, and stop wasting my time. Because to tell you the truth, I don't give a shit.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ [last lines] Red: [narrating] I find I'm so excited, I can barely sit still or hold a thought in my head. I think it's the excitement only a free man can feel, a free man at the start of a long journey whose conclusion is uncertain. I hope I can make it across the border. I hope to see my friend and shake his hand. I hope the Pacific is as blue as it has been in my dreams. I hope.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [to Andy] Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: That's the beauty of music. They can't get that from you... Haven't you ever felt that way about music? Red: I played a mean harmonica as a younger man. Lost interest in it though. Didn't make much sense in here. Andy Dufresne: Here's where it makes the most sense. You need it so you don't forget. Red: Forget? Andy Dufresne: Forget that... there are places in this world that aren't made out of stone. That there's something inside... that they can't get to, that they can't touch. That's yours. Red: What're you talking about? Andy Dufresne: Hope.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] Forty years I been asking permission to piss. I can't squeeze a drop without say-so.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [after being denied parole as he expected] Same old shit, different day.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: These walls are funny. First you hate 'em, then you get used to 'em. Enough time passes, you get so you depend on them. That's institutionalized. Heywood: Shit. I could never get like that. Ernie: Oh yeah? Say that when you been here as long as Brooks has. Red: Goddamn right. They send you here for life, and that's exactly what they take. The part that counts, anyway.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Brooks: [in letter] Dear fellas, I can't believe how fast things move on the outside. I saw an automobile once when I was a kid, but now they're everywhere. The world went and got itself in a big damn hurry. The parole board got me into this halfway house called "The Brewer" and a job bagging groceries at the Foodway. It's hard work and I try to keep up, but my hands hurt most of the time. I don't think the store manager likes me very much. Sometimes after work, I go to the park and feed the birds. I keep thinking Jake might just show up and say hello, but he never does. I hope wherever he is, he's doin' okay and makin' new friends. I have trouble sleepin' at night. I have bad dreams like I'm falling. I wake up scared. Sometimes it takes me a while to remember where I am. Maybe I should get me a gun and rob the Foodway so they'd send me home. I could shoot the manager while I was at it, sort of like a bonus. I guess I'm too old for that sort of nonsense any more. I don't like it here. I'm tired of being afraid all the time. I've decided not to stay. I doubt they'll kick up any fuss. Not for an old crook like me. P.S: Tell Heywood I'm sorry I put a knife to his throat. No hard feelings. Brooks.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating, referring to the warden committing suicide] I'd like to think that the last thing that went through his head, other than that bullet, was to wonder how the hell Andy Dufresne ever got the best of him.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: What about you? What are you in here for? Red: Murder, same as you. Andy Dufresne: Innocent? Red: [shakes his head] Only guilty man in Shawshank.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Heywood: The Count of Monte Crisco... Floyd: That's "Cristo" you dumb shit. Heywood: ...by Alexandree Dumb-ass. Dumb-ass. Andy Dufresne: Dumb-ass? "Dumas". You know what it's about? You'll like it, it's about a prison break. Red: We oughta file that under "Educational" too, oughten we?

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: [about his wife] She was beautiful. God I loved her. I just didn't know how to show it, that's all. I killed her, Red. I didn't pull the trigger, but I drove her away. And that's why she died, because of me. The way I am.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [referring to the possibility of Andy committing suicide] I don't know; every man has his breaking point.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: [in a letter to Red] Dear Red. If you're reading this, you've gotten out. And if you've come this far, maybe you're willing to come a little further. You remember the name of the town, don't you? Red: Zihuatanejo. Andy Dufresne: I could use a good man to help me get my project on wheels. I'll keep an eye out for you and the chessboard ready. Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies. I will be hoping that this letter finds you, and finds you well. Your friend. Andy.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] The first night's the toughest, no doubt about it. They march you in naked as the day you were born, skin burning and half blind from that delousing shit they throw on you, and when they put you in that cell... and those bars slam home... that's when you know it's for real. A whole life blown away in the blink of an eye. Nothing left but all the time in the world to think about it.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] In 1966, Andy Dufresne escaped from Shawshank prison. All they found of him was a muddy set of prison clothes, a bar of soap, and an old rock hammer, damn near worn down to the nub. I remember thinking it would take a man six hundred years to tunnel through the wall with it. Old Andy did it in less than twenty. Oh, Andy loved geology. I imagine it appealed to his meticulous nature. An ice age here, million years of mountain building there. Geology is the study of pressure and time. That's all it takes really, pressure, and time. That, and a big goddamn poster. Like I said, in prison a man will do most anything to keep his mind occupied. Turns out Andy's favorite hobby was totin' his wall out into the exercise yard, a handful at a time. I guess after Tommy was killed, Andy decided he'd been here just about long enough. Andy did like he was told, buffed those shoes to a high mirror shine. The guards simply didn't notice. Neither did I... I mean, seriously, how often do you really look at a mans shoes? Andy crawled to freedom through five hundred yards of shit smelling foulness I can't even imagine, or maybe I just don't want to. Five hundred yards... that's the length of five football fields, just shy of half a mile.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: I have no enemies here. Red: Yeah? Wait a while. Word gets around. The Sisters have taken quite a likin' to you. Especially Bogs. Andy Dufresne: I don't suppose it would help if I told them that I'm not homosexual. Red: Neither are they. You have to be human first. They don't qualify.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Brooks: Easy peasy japanesey.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] Not long after the warden deprived us of his company, I got a postcard in the mail. It was blank, but the postmark said Fort Hancock, Texas. Fort Hancock... right on the border. That's where Andy crossed. When I picture him heading south in his own car with the top down, it always makes me laugh. Andy Dufresne... who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side. Andy Dufresne... headed for the Pacific.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] We sat and drank with the sun on our shoulders and felt like free men. Hell, we could have been tarring the roof of one of our own houses. We were the lords of all creation. As for Andy - he spent that break hunkered in the shade, a strange little smile on his face, watching us drink his beer.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: Red. If you ever get out of here, do me a favor. Red: Sure, Andy. Anything. Andy Dufresne: There's a big hayfield up near Buxton. You know where Buxton is? Red: Well, there's... there's a lot of hayfields up there. Andy Dufresne: One in particular. It's got a long rock wall with a big oak tree at the north end. It's like something out of a Robert Frost poem. It's where I asked my wife to marry me. We went there for a picnic and made love under that oak and I asked and she said yes. Promise me, Red. If you ever get out... find that spot. At the base of that wall, you'll find a rock that has no earthly business in a Maine hayfield. Piece of black, volcanic glass. There's something buried under it I want you to have. Red: What, Andy? What's buried under there? Andy Dufresne: [turns to walk away] You'll have to pry it up... to see.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ District Attorney: And that also is very convenient, isn't it, Mr. Dufresne? Andy Dufresne: Since I am innocent of this crime, sir, I find it decidedly inconvenient that the gun was never found.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Warden Samuel Norton: [as he hands Andy's bible back to him] Salvation lies within.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] There's a harsh truth to face. No way I'm gonna make it on the outside. All I do anymore is think of ways to break my parole, so maybe they'd send me back. Terrible thing, to live in fear. Brooks Hatlen knew it. Knew it all too well. All I want is to be back where things make sense. Where I won't have to be afraid all the time. Only one thing stops me. A promise I made to Andy.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: You know what the Mexicans say about the Pacific? Red: No. Andy Dufresne: They say it has no memory. That's where I want to live the rest of my life. A warm place with no memory.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Warden Samuel Norton: [to the new inmates] I believe in two things: discipline and the Bible. Here you'll receive both. Put your trust in the Lord; your ass belongs to me. Welcome to Shawshank.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Bogs Diamond: Now, I'm gonna open my fly and you're gonna swallow what I give ya to swallow. And after you swallow mine you're gonna swallow Rooster's cause ya done broke his nose and I think he oughta have something to show for it. Andy Dufresne: Anything you put in my mouth you're gonna lose. Bogs Diamond: Naw, you don't understand. You do that and I'll put all eight inches of steel in your ear. Andy Dufresne: All right. But you should know that sudden serious brain injury causes the victim to bite down hard. In fact, I hear the bite reflex is so strong they have to pry the victims jaws open with a crowbar. Bogs Diamond: [unnerved] Where do you get this shit? Andy Dufresne: I read it. You know how to read, you ignorant fuck?

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Warden Samuel Norton: [after Andy tells him Tommy could prove Andy's innocence] I have to say that's the most amazing story I've ever heard. What amazes me most is that you were taken in by it. Andy Dufresne: [Confused] Sir? Warden Samuel Norton: Well, it's obvious this fellow Williams is impressed with you. He hears your tale of woe and quite naturally, wants to cheer you up. He's young, not terribly bright. It's not surprising he wouldn't know what a state he put you in. Andy Dufresne: Sir, he's telling the truth. Warden Samuel Norton: Well, let's say for the moment this Blatch does exist. You think he'd just fall to his knees and cry "Yes, I did it, I confess! Oh, and by the way, add a life term to my sentence." Andy Dufresne: You know that wouldn't matter. With Tommy's testimony I can get a new trial. Warden Samuel Norton: That's assuming Blatch is still there. Chances are excellent he'd be released by now. Andy Dufresne: Well they'd have his last known address, names of relatives. It's a chance, isn't it? [Norton shakes his head] Andy Dufresne: How can you be so obtuse? Warden Samuel Norton: What? What did you call me? Andy Dufresne: Obtuse. Is it deliberate? Warden Samuel Norton: Son, you're forgetting yourself. Andy Dufresne: The country club will have his old time cards. Records, W-2s with his name on them! Warden Samuel Norton: If you wanna indulge in this fantasy, that's your business. Don't make it mine. This meeting is over. Andy Dufresne: Sir, if I ever get out, I'd never mention what goes on in here. I'd be just as indictable as you for laundering that money. Warden Samuel Norton: [slams his fists on the table] Don't you *ever* mention money to me again, you sorry son of a bitch. Not in this office, not anywhere. Andy Dufresne: I'm just trying to put your mind at ease! [Hadley comes in] Warden Samuel Norton: [to Hadley] Solitary, a month! Andy Dufresne: [as they drag him away] What's the matter with you? This is my life, don't you understand? IT'S MY LIFE! IT'S MY LIFE! NO!

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating, referring to Andy] I could see why some of the boys took him for snobby. He had a quiet way about him, a walk and a talk that just wasn't normal around here. He strolled, like a man in a park without a care or a worry in the world, like he had on an invisible coat that would shield him from this place. Yeah, I think it would be fair to say... I liked Andy from the start.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: You're gonna fit right in. Everyone in here is innocent, you know that? Heywood, what you in here for? Heywood: Didn't do it. Lawyer fucked me.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ [Warden Norton finds the Bible in his safe after Andy escapes and finds the message Andy left for him] Andy Dufresne: Dear Warden, You were right. Salvation lay within. [Norton flips through a couple of pages to find the outline of the rock hammer that was hidden in the Book of Exodus within the Bible, and then drops it on the floor in shock]

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: Bad luck, I guess. It floats around. It's got to land on somebody. It was my turn, that's all. I was in the path of the tornado. I just didn't expect the storm would last as long as it has.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Captain Hadley: Dufresne! [to Dekins] Captain Hadley: That's him. That's the one. Guard Dekins: I'm Dekins. I was thinking about setting up some kind of trust fund for my kids' educations. Andy Dufresne: Oh, I see. Well, why don't we have a seat and talk it over. Brooks, do you have a piece of paper and a pencil? Thanks. So, Mr. Dekins... Brooks: [at lunchtime to the other prisoners] And then Andy says, "Mr. Dekins, do you want your sons to go to Harvard... or Yale?" Floyd: He didn't say that! Brooks: God is my witness! Dekins just looked at him a second and then he laughed himself silly and afterwards he actually shook Andy's hand. Heywood: My ass. Brooks: Shook his hand! I near soiled myself, I mean all Andy needed was a suit and a tie and a little jiggly hula gal on his desk and he woulda been *Mister* Dufresne, if you please. Red: Making a few friends, huh Andy? Andy Dufresne: I wouldn't say friends. I'm a convicted murderer who provides sound financial planning - it's a wonderful pet to have.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: Get busy living or get busy dying. That's goddamn right!

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Warden Samuel Norton: [after Andy escapes] Well? Red: Well what? Warden Samuel Norton: I see you two all the time, you're thick as thieves, you are. He musta said *something*. Red: No sir, Warden. Not a word. Warden Samuel Norton: [frustrated] Lord, it's a miracle! Man up and vanished like a fart in the wind! Nothing left but some damn rocks on the windowsill. And that cupcake on the wall! Let's ask her, maybe she knows. Warden Samuel Norton: [to poster] What say you there, fuzzy-britches? Feel like talking? Aw, guess not. Why should she be any different? [hefting one of Andy's rocks] Warden Samuel Norton: This is a conspiracy, that's what it is. [throwing rocks] Warden Samuel Norton: One... big... damn conspiracy! And everyone's in on it, including *her*! [Throws a rock at the poster, the rock goes right through it and they hear it clattering. Norton puts his arm through the torn poster and rips it away from the wall, revealing Andy's escape tunnel; they look through it in shock]

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ [after Tommy told the story of how he got arrested] Andy Dufresne: Perhaps it's time you tried a new profession. Tommy Williams: Huh? Andy Dufresne: What I mean is, you don't seem to be a very good thief, maybe you should try something else. Tommy Williams: Yeah, well, what the hell you know about it, Capone? What are you in for? Andy Dufresne: Me? My lawyer fucked me. Everybody's innocent in here. Don't you know that?

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Fat Ass: You don't understand! I'm not supposed to be here! Inmates: Me neither! They run this place like a fucking prison!

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Andy Dufresne: Mr. Hadley, do you trust your wife? Captain Hadley: Oh that's funny. You're gonna look funnier sucking my dick with no teeth. Andy Dufresne: What I mean is, do you think she'd go behind your back, try to hamstring you? Captain Hadley: That's it. Step aside Mert, this fucker's having himself an accident. [grabs Dufresne and pushes him near the edge of the roof] Heywood: He's gonna push him off the roof! Andy Dufresne: Because if you do trust her, there's no reason you can't keep that $35,000! Captain Hadley: What did you say? Andy Dufresne: $35,000. Captain Hadley: $35,000? Andy Dufresne: All of it. Captain Hadley: All of it? Andy Dufresne: Every penny. Captain Hadley: You better start making sense. Andy Dufresne: If you want to keep all of that money, give it to your wife. The IRS allows a one-time-only gift to your spouse for up to $60,000. Captain Hadley: Bullshit! Tax free? Andy Dufresne: Tax free. IRS can't touch one cent. Captain Hadley: You're that smart banker who killed his wife, aren't you? Why should I believe a smart banker like you? So I can end up in here with you? Andy Dufresne: It's perfectly legal, go ask the IRS, they'll say the same thing. Actually I feel stupid telling you this, I'm sure you would've investigated the matter yourself. Captain Hadley: Yeah, fucking A'! I don't need a smart wife-killing banker to tell me where the bear shit in the buckwheat! Andy Dufresne: Of course not. But you do need someone to set up the tax-free gift for you, and that'll cost you. A lawyer for example. Captain Hadley: Bunch of ball-washing bastards! Andy Dufresne: Right. I suppose I could set it up for you. That would save you some money. If you get the forms I'll prepare them for you, nearly free of charge. I'd only ask three beers apiece for each of my co-workers. Guard Mert: Ha! "Co-workers", get him, that's rich ain't it? Andy Dufresne: I think a man working outdoors feels more like a man if he can have a bottle of suds. That's only my opinion, sir. Captain Hadley: [looks over at the rest of Andy's co-workers] What are you Jimmies staring at? Back to work!

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] I must admit I didn't think much of Andy first time I laid eyes on him; looked like a stiff breeze would blow him over. That was my first impression of the man.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Warden Samuel Norton: [after Andy escapes] I want him found. Not tomorrow, not after breakfast - now!

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Red: [narrating] Two things never happened again after that. The Sisters never laid a finger on Andy again... and Bogs never walked again. They transferred him to a minimum security hospital upstate. To my knowledge, he lived out the rest of his days drinking his food through a straw.

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Tommy Williams: So I'm backing out the door, right, and I got the TV, like this; it was a big old thing, I couldn't see shit; suddenly I hear this voice, "Police, kid, hands in the air." You know, I was standing there, holdin' on to that TV, so finally the voice says, "You hear what I said, boy?" And I say, "Yes sir, I sure did, but if I drop this fucking thing you got me on destruction of property too."

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ Fat Ass: I don't belong here! I want to go home! I want my mother! Another Prisoner: I had your mother, she wasn't that great!

§The Shawshank Redemption ¤ [after Brooks held a knife to Heywood's throat] Andy Dufresne: I just don't understand what happened in there. Heywood: Old man's crazy as a rat in a tin shithouse, is what. Red: Oh Heywood, that's enough out of you! Ernie: I heard he had you shittin' in your pants! Heywood: Fuck you! Red: Would you knock it off? Brooks ain't no bug. He's just... just institutionalized. Heywood: Institutionalized, my ass. Red: The man's been in here fifty years, Heywood. Fifty years! This is all he knows. In here, he's an important man. He's an educated man. Outside, he's nothin'! Just a used up con with arthritis in both hands.

§The Godfather ¤ [to Rocco who has killed Paulie in the car] Peter Clemenza: Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.

§The Godfather ¤ Michael: My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. Kay Adams: Do you know how naive you sound, Michael? Presidents and senators don't have men killed. Michael: Oh. Who's being naive, Kay?

§The Godfather ¤ Michael: [speaking to Carlo] Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry.

§The Godfather ¤ Johnny Fontane: [discussing his problems] I don't know what to do, Godfather. My voice is weak, it's weak. Anyway, if I had this part in the picture, it puts me right back on top, you know. But this... this man out there. He won't give it to me, the head of the studio. Don Corleone: What's his name? Don Corleone: Woltz. He said there's no chance, no chance... [Meanwhile, Hagen finds Sonny and summons him] Johnny Fontane: A month ago he bought the rights to this book, a best seller. The main character is a guy just like me. I wouldn't even have to act, just be myself. Oh, Godfather, I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do... [All of a sudden, Don Corleone rises from his chair and gives Fontane a savage shake] Don Corleone: YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN! [gives a quick slap to Fontane] Don Corleone: What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous! [the Don's unexpected mimicry makes Hagen and even Fontane laugh; around this time Sonny comes in] Don Corleone: Tell me, do you spend time with your family? Johnny Fontane: Sure I do. Don Corleone: Good. Because a man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man. [gives a quick look at Sonny and affectionately embraces Fontane] Don Corleone: You look terrible. I want you to eat, I want you to rest well. And a month from now this Hollywood big shot's gonna give you what you want. Johnny Fontane: Too late. They start shooting in a week. Don Corleone: I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Okay? I want you to leave it all to me. Go on, go back to the party. [a gratified Fontane leaves]

§The Godfather ¤ Kay Adams: Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane! Michael: Sure, you want to meet him? Kay Adams: Well, yeah! Sure. Michael: My father helped him with his career. Kay Adams: How did he do that? Michael: ...Let's listen to the song. Kay Adams: [after listening to Johnny for a while] Tell me, Michael. Please. Michael: Well, when Johnny was first starting out, he was signed to a personal services contract with this big-band leader. And as his career got better and better, he wanted to get out of it. But the band leader wouldn't let him. Now, Johnny is my father's godson. So my father went to see this bandleader and offered him $10,000 to let Johnny go, but the bandleader said no. So the next day, my father went back, only this time with Luca Brasi. Within an hour, he had a signed release for a certified check of $1000. Kay Adams: How did he do that? Michael: My father made him an offer he couldn't refuse. Kay Adams: What was that? Michael: Luca Brasi held a gun to his head, and my father assured him that either his brains or his signature would be on the contract. Kay Adams: ... Michael: ...That's a true story. [cut to Johnny singing again for about 10 more seconds before going back to Michael] Michael: That's my family Kay, that's not me.

§The Godfather ¤ Calo: In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.

§The Godfather ¤ [last lines] Michael: All right. This one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs. Kay Adams: Is it true? Is it? Michael: No. [Kay smiles and walks into his arms] Kay Adams: I guess we both need a drink, huh? [Kay goes to the kitchen to fix a drink, but sees Peter Clemenza, Rocco Lampone and Al Neri enter Michael's office] Clemenza: Don Corleone. [Clemenza kisses Michael's hand, and Neri shuts the door in her face...]

§The Godfather ¤ Tom Hagen: Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship. Jack Woltz: Tell your boss he can ask for anything else, but this is one favour I can't grant him. Tom Hagen: Mr. Corleone never asks a second favor once he's refused the first, understood? Jack Woltz: You don't understand. Johnny Fontane never gets that movie. That part is perfect for him. It'll make him a big star. I'm gonna run him out of the movies. And let me tell you why. Johnny Fontane ruined one of Woltz International's most valuable proteges. For three years we had her under contract, singing lessons, dancing lessons, acting lessons. I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars. I was gonna make her a big star. And let me be even more frank, just to show you that I'm not a hard-hearted man, that it's not all dollars and cents. She was beautiful! She was young, she was innocent. She was the greatest piece of ass I've ever had, and I've had 'em all over the world. And then Johnny Fontaine comes along with his olive oil voice and guinea charm and she runs off. She threw it all away just to make me look ridiculous. And a man in my position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous. Now you get the hell out of here! And if that goomba tries any rough stuff, you tell him I ain't no bandleader. Yeah, I heard that story. [Hagen has been calmly eating his meal throughout Woltz's tirade] Tom Hagen: Thank you for the dinner and a very pleasant evening. Have your car take me to the airport. Mr Corleone is a man who insists on hearing bad news at once.

§The Godfather ¤ Michael: My credit good enough to buy you out? Moe Greene: Buy me out? [Fredo laughs nervously] Michael: The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out. Moe Greene: The Corleone Family wants to buy me out? No, I buy you out, you don't buy me out. Michael: Your casino loses money, maybe we can do better. Moe Greene: You think I'm skimmin off the top, Mike? Michael: [Michael shakes his head] You're unlucky. Moe Greene: You goddamn guineas you really make me laugh. I do you a favor and take Freddie in when you're having a bad time, and now you're gonna try and push me out! Michael: You took Freddie in because the Corleone Family bankrolled your casino, and the Molinari Family on the Coast guaranteed his safety. Now we're talking business, let's talk business. Moe Greene: Yeah, let's talk business, Mike. First of all, you're all done. The Corleone Family don't even have that kind of muscle anymore. The Godfather's sick, right? You're getting chased out of New York by Barzini and the other Families. What do you think is going on here? You think you can come to my hotel and take over? I talked to Barzini - I can make a deal with him, and still keep my hotel! Michael: Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? Fredo: Aw, now that, that was nothin', Mike. Moe didn't mean nothin' by that. Yeah, sure he flies off the handle every once in a while, but me and him, we're good friends, right Moe? Moe Greene: I got a business to run. I gotta kick asses sometimes to make it run right. We had a little argument, Freddy and me, so I had to straighten him out. Michael: You straightened my brother out? Moe Greene: He was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time! Players couldn't get a drink at the table! What's the matter with you? Michael: I leave for New York tomorrow, think about a price. Moe Greene: Sonofabitch! Do you know who I am? I'm Moe Greene! I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders! Fredo: Wait a minute, Moe, Moe, I got an idea. Tom, you're the Consiglieri and you can talk to the Don, you can explain... Tom Hagen: Now hold it right there. The Don is semi-retired and Mike is in charge of the Family business now. If you have anything to say, say it to Michael. Fredo: [Moe Greene leaves] Mike! You do not come to Las Vegas and talk to a man like Moe Greene like that! Michael: Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever.

§The Godfather ¤ [Tessio brings in Luca Brasi's bulletproof vest, delivered with a fish inside] Sonny: What the hell is this? Clemenza: It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: We have known each other many years, but this is the first time you've come to me for counsel or for help. I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee, even though my wife is godmother to your only child. But let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship. And you feared to be in my debt. Bonasera: I didn't want to get into trouble. Don Corleone: I understand. You found paradise in America. You had a good trade, you made a good living. The police protected you and there were courts of law. So you didn't need a friend like me. Now you come and say "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me "Godfather." You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder - for money. Bonasera: I ask you for justice. Don Corleone: That is not justice. Your daughter is alive. Bonasera: Let them suffer then as she suffers. [the Don is silent] Bonasera: How much shall I pay you? [the Don turns away dismissively, but Bonasera stays on] Don Corleone: Bonasera, Bonasera, what have I ever done to make you treat me so disrespectfully? If you'd come to me in friendship, this scum who ruined your daughter would be suffering this very day. And if by some chance an honest man like yourself made enemies they would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you. Bonasera: Be my friend... Godfather. [the Don at first shrugs, but upon hearing the title he lifts his hand, and a humbled Bonasera kisses the ring on it] Don Corleone: Good. [He places his hand around Bonasera in a paternal gesture] Don Corleone: Some day, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, consider this justice a gift on my daughter's wedding day. [a gratified Bonasera offers his thanks and leaves] Don Corleone: [to Hagen] Give this job to Clemenza. I want reliable people, people who aren't going to be carried away. I mean, we're not murderers, in spite of what this undertaker thinks...

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?

§The Godfather ¤ [at midnight, Don Corleone walks into his office and finds Tom Hagen taking a drink] Don Corleone: Give me a drop. [Hagen hands the Don his glass of anisette] Don Corleone: My wife is crying upstairs. I hear cars coming to the house. Consigliore of mine, I think it's time you told your Don what everyone seems to know. Tom Hagen: I didn't tell Mama anything. I was just about to come up and wake you so that I could tell you. Don Corleone: But you needed a drink first. [Hagen nods] Don Corleone: And now you've had your drink. Tom Hagen: They shot Sonny on the causeway. He's dead. [the Don accepts this news without any sign of emotion, except to close his eyes and remain silent for a few minutes] Don Corleone: [speaking at last] I want no inquiries made. I want no acts of vengeance. I want you to arrange a meeting with the heads of the Five Families. This war stops now.

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: [to Michael] Listen, whoever comes to you with this Barzini meeting, he's the traitor. Don't forget that.

§The Godfather ¤ Sollozzo: Bene, Don Corleone. I need a man who has powerful friends. I need a million dollars in cash. I need, Don Corleone, all of those politicians that you carry around in your pocket, like so many nickels and dimes. Don Corleone: What is the interest for my family? Sollozzo: Thirty percent. In the first year your end should be three, four million dollars. And then it would go up. Don Corleone: And what is the interest for the Tattalgia family? Sollozzo: [smiles at Tom] My compliments. [Hagen gives a formal nod] Sollozzo: I'll take care of the Tattaglias, out of my share. Don Corleone: So, I am to receive thirty percent for finance, for legal protection and political influence. Is that what you're telling me? Sollozzo: That's right. Don Corleone: Why come to me? What have I done to deserve such generosity? Sollozzo: If you consider a million dollars in cash merely finance... [raises his glass] Sollozzo: Te salut, Don Corleone. [the Don gets up to take a drink and sits closer to Sollozzo] Don Corleone: I said that I would see you because I had heard that you were a serious man, to be treated with respect. But I must say no to you and let me give you my reasons. It's true I have a lot of friends in politics, but they wouldn't be so friendly if they knew my business was drugs instead of gambling which they consider a harmless vice. But drugs, that's a dirty business. Sollozzo: No, Don Corleone... Don Corleone: It makes no difference, it don't make any difference to me what a man does for a living, you understand. But your business is a little dangerous. Sollozzo: If you're worried about security for your million, the Tattaglias will guarantee it. Sonny: Whoa, now, you're telling me that the Tattaglias guarantee our investment without...? Don Corleone: Wait a minute. [the Don gives his son a cold stare, freezing Santino into silence. The others fidget with embarrassment at this outbreak, but Sollozzo looks slyly satisfied...] Don Corleone: [dismissive] I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen. Anyway, Signor Sollozzo, my no to you is final. I want to congratulate you on your new business and I'm sure you'll do very well and good luck to you. Especially since your interests don't conflict with mine. Thank you. [Sollozzo leaves] Don Corleone: Santino, come here. Don Corleone: What's the matter with you? I think your brain is going soft with all that comedy you are playing with that young girl. Never tell anyone outside the Family what you are thinking again. Go on.

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: Oh, I want you to arrange to have a telephone man check all the calls going in and out of here because it could be anyone... Michael: I did that already, Pop. I took care of that. Don Corleone: Oh, that's right. I forgot. Michael: What's the matter? What's bothering you? I'll handle it. I told you I can handle it, I'll handle it. [the Don rises as if to leave, but changes his mind midway and seats himself closer to Michael] Don Corleone: I knew Santino was going to have to go through all this and Fredo... well, Fredo was... But I, I never wanted this for you. I work my whole life, I don't apologize, to take care of my family. And I refused to be a fool dancing on the strings held by all of those big shots. That's my life, I don't apologize for that. But I always thought that when it was your time, that you would be the one to hold the strings. Senator Corleone, Governor Corleone, something. Michael: Another pezzonovante. Don Corleone: Well, there wasn't enough time, Michael. There just wasn't enough time. Michael: We'll get there, Pop. We'll get there. [the Don kisses his son on the forehead]

§The Godfather ¤ Sollozzo: I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense.

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you, or my boy to me? I forgo the vengeance of my son. But I have selfish reasons. My youngest son was forced to leave this country because of this Sollozzo business. All right, now I have to make arrangements to bring him back here safely cleared of all these false charges. But I'm a superstitious man, and if some unlucky accident should befall him... if he should be shot in the head by a police officer, or if he should hang himself in his jail cell, or if he's struck by a bolt of lightning, then I'm going to blame some of the people in this room, and that I do not forgive. But, that aside, let me say that I swear, on the souls of my grandchildren, that I will not be the one to break the peace we have made here today.

§The Godfather ¤ [Sonny pays a visit to his sister Connie. He is surprised to find her subdued and evasive] Sonny: [surprised] What's the matter? Huh? What's the matter? [He looks at her swollen face and understands what has happened. He pulls away to go after Carlo...] Connie: [grabbing his shoulders] It was my fault! Sonny: Where is he? Connie: [weeping with terror] Sonny, please. Sonny, it was my fault. It was my fault. I started a fight with him. Please, Sonny... [Sonny, now under control, hushes her and kisses her forehead] Sonny: Okay... I'm just going to get a doctor to come down and take a look at you. Connie: Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything. Sonny: What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? [Connie gives a chuckle, and Sonny kisses her again and good-humouredly shrugs his soldiers] Sonny: All right? [cut to Sonny beating up Carlo]

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: I hope you don't mind the way I keep going over this Barzini business. Michael: No, not at all. Don Corleone: It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men.

§The Godfather ¤ [first lines] Bonasera: I believe in America. America has made my fortune. And I raised my daughter in the American fashion. I gave her freedom but I taught her never to dishonor her family. She found a "boy friend," not an Italian. She went to the movies with him. She stayed out late. I didn't protest. Two months ago he took her for a drive, with another boy friend. They made her drink whiskey and then they tried to take advantage of her. She resisted. She kept her honor. So they beat her. Like an animal. When I went to the hospital her nose was broken. Her jaw was shattered, held together by wire. She couldn't even weep because of the pain. But I wept. Why did I weep? She was the light of my life. A beautiful girl. Now she will never be beautiful again. [He breaks down at this point, and the Don gestures to his son to get him a drink] Bonasera: Sorry... [He regains his composure and carries on] Bonasera: I went to the police, like a good American. These two boys were brought to trial. The judge sentenced them to three years in prison, and suspended the sentence. Suspended sentence! They went free that very day! I stood in the courtroom like a fool, and those two bastards, they smiled at me. Then I said to my wife, "For justice, we must go to Don Corleone." Don Corleone: Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first? Bonasera: What do you want of me? Tell me anything. But do what I beg you to do. Don Corleone: What is that? [Bonasera gets up from his seat and whispers into the Don's ear; for a long moment the Don is silent] Don Corleone: That I cannot do. Bonasera: I will give you anything you ask!

§The Godfather ¤ [speaking to himself, practicing his speech] Luca Brasi: Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child. [then, starting over]

§The Godfather ¤ [Michael sees a man dressed in black coming to Vito's hospital room] Michael Corleone: Who are you? Enzo the Baker: I am Enzo. The baker. Do you remember me? Michael Corleone: Enzo... Enzo the Baker: Yes, Enzo. Michael Corleone: You better get out of here, Enzo, there's gonna be trouble. Enzo the Baker: If there is trouble, I stay here to help you. For your father. For your father.

§The Godfather ¤ [Clemenza prepares Michael for his meeting with Sollozzo] Clemenza: [holding up a .22] It's as cold as they come, impossible to trace. So you don't have to worry about prints, Mike. I put a special tape on the trigger and the butt. Here, try it... [Michael takes the gun, but can't seem to fire it] Clemenza: What's the matter, trigger too tight? [With a loud bang, Michael finally discharges the gun] Michael: Ow! My ears. Clemenza: Yeah, I left it noisy. That way it scares any pain-in-the-ass innocent bystanders away. All right, you shot them both, now what do you do? Michael: Sit down and finish my dinner. Clemenza: Come on, kid, don't fool around. Just let your hand drop to your side and the gun slip out. Everyone will still think you've got it. They're gonna be staring at your face, Mike. So walk out of the place real fast, but you don't run. Don't look nobody directly in the eye, hut don't look away either. They're gonna be scared of you, believe me, so don't worry about nothing. [while talking, Clemenza takes the gun and begins working on it to fix the trigger] Clemenza: You know, Mike, you're gonna turn out all right. You take a long vacation, nobody knows where, and we'll catch the hell. Michael: How bad do you think it's gonna be? Clemenza: Pretty goddam bad. Probably all the other Families will line up against us. That's all right. These things gotta happen every five years or so, ten years. Helps to get rid of the bad blood. Been ten years since the last one. You know, you gotta stop them at the beginning. Like they should have stopped Hitler at Munich, they should never let him get away with that, they was just asking for trouble. [Clemenza now finishes working on the gun] Clemenza: You know, Mike, we was all proud of you being a hero and all. Your father too. [Clemenza hands the gun back to Michael]

§The Godfather ¤ Tom Hagen: When I meet with Tattaglia's men, should I insist all their drug middlemen have clean records? Don Corleone: Mention it, don't insist. But Barzini will know that without being told. Tom Hagen: You mean Tattaglia... Don Corleone: Tattaglia is a pimp. He never could have outfought Santino. But I didn't know until this day that it was Barzini all along.

§The Godfather ¤ Sonny: Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright? Clemenza: The gun'll be there.

§The Godfather ¤ [Sunday dinner at the Corleone home...] Sonny: Niggers havin' a real good time up in Harlem... Carlo Rizzi: I knew that was going to happen as soon as they tasted the big money. Connie: Papa never talked about business in front of the kids. Carlo Rizzi: Shut up, Connie. Sonny: Hey, don't you EVER tell her to shut up, you got that? Mama Corleone: Santino, don't interfere. [Silence reigns around the table for a while] Carlo Rizzi: Sonny, Tom, I'd like to talk to you after dinner. I think I can do a lot more for this family... Sonny: We don't discuss business at the table.

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: Call Bonasera. We need him now. [Tom Hagen calls Amerigo Bonasera] Tom Hagen: [on the phone] This is Tom Hagen, calling for Vito Corleone at his request. Now, you owe your Don a service. He has no doubt that you will repay him. In one hour he will be at your funeral parlor to ask for your help. Be there to greet him. [as ordered, a nervous Bonasera meets the Don at his parlor] Don Corleone: Well, my friend, are you ready to do me this service? Bonasera: Yes. What do you want me to do? [the two walk into the embalming room, where a corpse lies on a table...] Don Corleone: [staring at the table] I want you to use all your powers, and all your skills. I don't want his mother to see him this way. [he draws back the sheet to reveal, to a horrified Bonasera, the bullet-smashed face of Sonny Corleone] Don Corleone: [breaking down for a moment] Look how they massacred my boy...

§The Godfather ¤ Michael Corleone: Where does it say that you can't kill a cop? Tom Hagen: Come on, Mikey... Michael Corleone: Tom, wait a minute. I'm talking about a cop that's mixed up in drugs. I'm talking about a - a - a dishonest cop - a crooked cop who got mixed up in the rackets and got what was coming to him. That's a terrific story. And we have newspaper people on the payroll, don't we, Tom? [Tom nods] Michael Corleone: And they might like a story like that. Tom Hagen: They might, they just might. Michael Corleone: [to Sonny] It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business.

§The Godfather ¤ Tom Hagen: Sollozo is known as the Turk. He's supposed to be very good with a knife. But only in matters of business, or of some sort of reasonable complaint. His business is narcotics. He has the fields in Turkey, where they grow the poppy. In Sicily he has the plant to process it into heroin. He needs cash and he needs protection from the police for which he gives a piece of the action, I couldn't find out how much. The Tattaglia Family is behind him here in New York so they have to be in it for something. Don Corleone: What about his prison record? Tom Hagen: Two terms, one in Italy, and one here. He's known as a top narcotics man. Don Corleone: Santino, what do you think? Sonny: There's a lot of money in that white powder. Don Corleone: Tom? Tom Hagen: Well, I say yes. There is more money potential in narcotics than anything else we're looking at now. If we don't get into it, somebody else will, maybe one of the Five Families, maybe all of them. And with the money they earn they'll be able to buy more police and political power. Then they come after us. Right now we have the unions and we have the gambling and those are the best things to have. But narcotics is a thing of the future. If we don't get a piece of that action we risk everything we have. Not now, but ten years from now. Sonny: Well, what's your answer gonna be, Pop?

§The Godfather ¤ [after Michael gets off the phone with Kay, clearly too embarrassed to tell her he loves her] Clemenza: Mikey, why don't you tell that nice girl you love her? I love you with all-a my heart, if I don't see-a you again soon, I'm-a gonna die.

§The Godfather ¤ Michael: [to the Don, quietly] Just lie here, Pop. I'll take care of you now. I'm with you now. I'm with you. [he takes the Don's hand and kisses it, the Don begins to cry]

§The Godfather ¤ Don Corleone: [to Michael] So, Barzini will move against you first. He'll set up a meeting with someone that you absolutely trust, guaranteeing your safety. And at that meeting, you'll be assassinated.

§The Godfather ¤ Jack Woltz: All right, start talking! Tom Hagen: I come from a personal friend of Mr Johnny Fontane. That friend promises his undying friendship if you would do him a small favour. Jack Woltz: What's that? Tom Hagen: Give Johnny a part in that war movie you're starting next week. [Woltz signs a document with a smile and walks away, Hagen alongside him] Jack Woltz: And what favours does this friend promise in exchange for giving Johnny the part? Tom Hagen: You've got some labour trouble coming up. My client promises to make that trouble disappear. You have a top star who makes a lot of money, but he just graduated from marijuana to heroin... Jack Woltz: [all East Side now] Are you trying to muscle me? Tom Hagen: Absolutely not. I've come to ask a service for a friend... Jack Woltz: Now you listen to me, you smooth-talking son-of-a-bitch, let me lay it on the line for you and your boss, whoever he is! Johnny Fontane will never get that movie! I don't care how many dago guinea wop greaseball goombahs come out of the woodwork! Tom Hagen: I'm German-Irish. Jack Woltz: Well, let me tell you something, my kraut-mick friend, I'm gonna make so much trouble for you, you won t know what hit you! Tom Hagen: Mr. Woltz, I'm a lawyer. I have not threatened you. Jack Woltz: I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you? Tom Hagen: I have a special practice. I handle one client. Now you have my number, I'll wait for your call. By the way, I admire your pictures very much. [Hagen leaves, with Woltz staring after him] Jack Woltz: [to an underling] Check him out...

§The Godfather ¤ Michael: You have to answer for Santino, Carlo. You fingered Sonny for the Barzini people. Carlo Rizzi: Mike, you got it all wrong. Michael: Ah, that little farce you played with my sister. You think that would fool a Corleone? Carlo Rizzi: Mike, I'm innocent. I swear on the kids. Michael: Sit down. Carlo Rizzi: Please don't do this to me, Mike. Please don't. Michael: Barzini is dead. So is Phillip Tattaglia. Moe Greene. Stracci. Cuneo. Today I settled all family business so don't tell me that you're innocent. Admit what you did. [Carlo starts sobbing] Michael: Get him a drink. Don't be afraid, Carlo. Come on, you think I'd make my sister a widow? I'm Godfather to your son. [Carlo get handed a drink] Michael: Go ahead. Drink. Drink. No, you're out of the family business, that's your punishment. You're finished. I'm putting you on a plane to Vegas. Tom? [Tom hands Michael an airplane ticket] Michael: I want you to stay there, you understand? [Carlo nods] Michael: Only don't tell me that you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and it makes me very angry. Now, who approached you first? Barzini or Tattaglia? Carlo Rizzi: It was Barzini. Michael: Good. There's a car outside that will take you to the airport. I'll call your wife and tell her what flight you're on. Carlo Rizzi: Listen, Mike... Michael: Go on. Get out of my sight.

§The Godfather ¤ Virgil 'The Turk' Sollozzo: He's still alive. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive!

§The Godfather ¤ Sonny: Tom-anuch! Hey, a hundred button men on the street twenty-four hours a day. That Turk shows one hair on his ass, he's dead. Believe me. Sonny: [to Michael, whose face is bruised] Hey Michael, c'mere. Let me look at you. You look beautiful, just beautiful, you're gorgeous. Hey, listen to this. The Turk, he wants to talk. You imagine the nerve on this son of a bitch, hey? Craps out last night he wants a meetin' today. Tom Hagen: What did he say? Sonny: What did he say? Badda-beep, badda-bap, badda-boop, badda-beep, he wants us to send Michael to hear the proposition, and the promise is the deal is so good we can't refuse. Hey. Tom Hagen: What about Bruno Tattaglia? Sonny: That's part of the deal. Bruno cancels out what they did to my father. Tom Hagen: Sonny, we ought to hear what they have to say. Sonny: No, no, no! No more! Not this time, Consigliere! No more meetin's! No more discussions! No more Sollozzo tricks! You give 'em one message - I want Sollozzo. If not, it's all-out war, we go to the mattresses. Tom Hagen: Some of the other families won't sit still for all-out war! Sonny: Then they hand me Sollozzo! Tom Hagen: Your father would want to hear this. This is business, not personal. Sonny: They shot my father? It's business, your ass. Tom Hagen: Even the shooting of your father was business, not personal, Sonny! Sonny: Well then, business will have to suffer, all right? And listen, do me a favor, Tom. No more advice on how to patch things up, just help me win, please. All right? Tom Hagen: I found out about this Captain McClusky who broke Mike's jaw. Sonny: What about him? Tom Hagen: Now, he's definitely on Sollozzo's payroll and for big money. McClusky has agreed to be the Turk's bodyguard. What you have to understand, Sonny, is that while Sollozzo's being guarded like this he is invulnerable. Now, nobody has ever gunned down a New York police captain. Never. It would be disastrous. All the five families would come after you, Sonny. The Corleone Family would be outcast. Even the old man's political protection would run for cover. So, do me a favor, take this into consideration. Sonny: All right, we wait. Michael: It can't wait. Sonny: Huh? Michael: It can't wait. I don't care what Sollozzo says about a deal, he's gonna kill Pop. That's it. That's a key for him. Gotta get Sollozzo. Clemenza: Mikey's right. Sonny: Let me ask you something, Professor. I mean, what about this McClusky, huh? What do we do with this cop here? Michael: They want to have a meeting with me, right? It will be me, McClusky and Sollozzo. Let's set the meeting. Get our informants to find out where it's going to be held. Now we insist it's a public place - a bar or a restaurant, some place where there's people there so I'll feel safe. They're going to search me when I first meet them, right? So I can't have a weapon on me then. But if Clemenza can figure a way to have a weapon planted there for me, then I'll kill them both. Sonny: [Clemenza, Tessio and Sonny laugh] Hey. What are you gonna do? Nice college boy, huh? Didn't want to get mixed up in the family business? Now you want to gun down a police captain, what, 'cause he slapped you in the face a little bit, huh? What do you think, this the Army where you shoot 'em a mile away? No, you gotta get up close like this - badda-bing! - you blow their brains all over your nice Ivy League suit. C'mere. [Kisses Michael on the head] Sonny: You're taking this very personal. Tom, this is business and this man is taking it very, very personal.

§The Godfather ¤ Don Zaluchi: I also don't believe in drugs. For years I paid my people extra so they wouldn't do that kind of business. Somebody comes to them and says, "I have powders; if you put up three, four thousand dollar investment, we can make fifty thousand distributing." So they can't resist. I want to control it as a business, to keep it respectable. [slams his hand on the table and shouts] Don Zaluchi: I don't want it near schools! I don't want it sold to children! That's an infamia. In my city, we would keep the traffic in the dark people, the coloreds. They're animals anyway, so let them lose their souls.

§The Godfather ¤ Sonny: How's Paulie? Clemenza: Oh, Paulie... won't see him no more.

§The Godfather ¤ Tom Hagen: I have to get back to work. It's part of the wedding. No Sicilian can ever refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day.

§The Godfather ¤ [delivering his rehearsed speech] Luca Brasi: Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter... 's wedding... on the day of your daughter's wedding. And I hope their first child be a masculine child. I pledge my ever-ending loyalty.

§The Godfather ¤ Tessio: Barzini's people chisle my territory and we do nothing about it. Pretty soon there won't be anyplace in Brooklyn that I can hang my hat. Michael: Try and be patient. Clemenza: I'm not asking for help, Mike, just take off the handcuffs. Michael: Be patient. Clemenza: We gotta protect ourselves. At least give me the chance to recruit some new men. Michael: No. I don't want to give Barzini any excuse to start fighting. Tessio: Mike, you're wrong. Clemenza: Don Corleone, you once said the day would come when me and Tessio could form our own families. Until today I would never think of such a thing but now I must ask your permission. Don Corleone: Well, Michael's head of the family now and if give his permission then you have my blessing. Michael: After we make the move to Nevada you can break off from the Corleone Family and go off on your own. After we make the move to Nevada. Clemenza: How long will that take? Michael: Six months. Tessio: Forgive me, Godfather, but with you gone me and Pete will come under Barzini's thumb sooner or later. Clemenza: And I hate that Goddamn Barzini. In six months time there won't be nothin' left to build on. Don Corleone: Do you have faith in my judgement? Clemenza: Yes. Don Corleone: Do I have your loyalty? Clemenza: Yes, always Godfather. Don Corleone: Then be a friend to Michael. Do as he says. Michael: There are negotiations being made that are going to answer all of your questions and solve all of your problems. That's all I can tell you right now. Carlo, you grew up in Nevada. When we make our move there you're going to be my right hand man. Tom Hagen is no longer Consigliari. He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas. That's no reflection on Tom it's just the way I want it. Besides, if I ever help who's a better Consigliari than my father. That's it. [Everyone except Hagen leaves] Tom Hagen: Mike, why am I out? Michael: You're not a wartime Consigliari, Tom. Things could get rough with the move we're making. Don Corleone: Tom, I advised Michael. I never thought you were a bad Consigliari. I thought Santino was a bad Don, rest in peace. Michael has all my confidence as do you. But there are reasons why you must have nothing to do with what's going to happen. Tom Hagen: Maybe I could help. Michael: You're out, Tom.

§The Godfather ¤ Sonny: Hey, whaddya gonna do, nice college boy, eh? Didn't want to get mixed up in the Family business, huh? Now you wanna gun down a police captain. Why? Because he slapped ya in the face a little bit? Hah? What do you think this is the Army, where you shoot 'em a mile away? You've gotta get up close like this and - bada-BING! - you blow their brains all over your nice Ivy League suit. C'mere... [kisses Michael's head] Michael: Sonny... Sonny: You're taking this very personal. Tom, this is business and this man is taking it very, very personal.

§The Godfather ¤ [after Sonny beats up Carlo Rizzi for hitting Connie] Sonny: You touch my sister again, I'll kill you.

§The Godfather ¤ [as Tessio and Hagen walk to Michael's house, they are met by a bodyguard, Willi Cicci] Willi Cicci: Sal... Tom... the boss says he'll come in a separate car. He says for you two to go on ahead. Tessio: Hell, he can't do that; that screws up all my arrangements. Willi Cicci: Well, that's what he said. Tom Hagen: I can't go with you either, Tessio. [just then, Michael's bodyguards materialize around them, Tessio understands everything] Tessio: [to Hagen] Tell Mike it was only business. I always liked him. Tom Hagen: He understands that. Willi Cicci: [removing Tessio's gun] Excuse me, Sally. Tessio: Can you get me off the hook, Tom? For old times' sake? Tom Hagen: [shakes his head] Can't do it, Sally. [Hagen watches sadly as Tessio is led by Cicci and the others to a waiting car]

§The Godfather ¤ [speaking with the father of the girl he plans to marry, and after telling him that he's in hiding from some gangsters] Michael: Some people will pay a lot of money for that information; but then your daughter would lose a father, instead of gaining a husband.

§The Godfather ¤ Sonny: Did he... did Clemenza tell you to drop the gun? Michael: Yeah, a million times.

§The Godfather ¤ Emilio Barzini: [during a meeting with the Five Families] Times have changed. It's not like the Old Days, when we can do anything we want. A refusal is not the act of a friend. If Don Corleone had all the judges, and the politicians in New York, then he must share them, or let us others use them. He must let us draw the water from the well. Certainly he can present a bill for such services; after all... we are not Communists.

§The Godfather ¤ Michael: [teaching Apollonia to drive] It's safer to teach you English!

§The Godfather ¤ Connie: [shrieking at Michael] You killed my husband! You waited until our father died so nobody could stop you and you killed him! You killed him! You blamed him for Sonny, you always did, everybody did. But you never thought about me. You never gave a dam about me. What am I going to do now? Kay Adams: [taking Connie in her arms] Connie... Connie: Why do you think he kept Carlo at the mall? All the time he knew he was going to kill him. And then he stood Godfather to our baby. You think you know your husband? You know how many men he had killed! Read the papers. Read the papers! That's your husband! [Michael takes Connie into her arms, but she goes wild again and tries to attack him] Michael Corleone: Take her upstairs. Get her a doctor. [Michael's bodyguards grab Connie and pull her out of the office] Michael Corleone: [to Kay] She's hysterical. Kay Adams: Is it true? Michael Corleone: Don't ask me about my business, Kay. Kay Adams: Is it true? Michael Corleone: Don't ask me about my business... Kay Adams: No... Michael Corleone: [slams the desk] ENOUGH!

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Chechen: [During a private sit down meeting with the gangsters] What do you propose? The Joker: It's simple. We, uh, kill the Batman. [mobsters laugh] Salvatore Maroni: If it's so simple, why haven't you done it already? The Joker: If you're good at something, never do it for free.

§The Dark Knight ¤ [Batman slams The Joker's head on the table] The Joker: Never start with the head. The victim gets all fuzzy. He can't feel the next... [Batman punches the Joker's hand. The Joker pauses for a moment waiting for it to hurt] The Joker: See?

§The Dark Knight ¤ Harvey Dent: [while having a fancy dinner with Bruce, Rachel and Natascha] You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Batman: Sometimes the truth isn't good enough, sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded...

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: You know. I don't want there to be any hard feelings between us, Harvey. When you and, uh... Harvey Dent: Rachel! The Joker: Rachel were being abducted. I was sitting in Gordon's cage. Now, *I* didn't rig those charges. Harvey Dent: Your men. Your plan. The Joker: Do I really look like a guy with a plan? You know what I am? I'm a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it! You know, I just... *do* things.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Batman: [in the interrogation room] Then why do you want to kill me? The Joker: [giggling] I don't, I don't want to kill you! What would I do without you? Go back to ripping off mob dealers? No, no, NO! No. You... you... complete me. Batman: You're garbage who kills for money. The Joker: Don't talk like one of them. You're not! Even if you'd like to be. To them, you're just a freak, like me! They need you right now, but when they don't, they'll cast you out, like a leper! You see, their morals, their code, it's a bad joke. Dropped at the first sign of trouble. They're only as good as the world allows them to be. I'll show you. When the chips are down, these... these civilized people, they'll eat each other. See, I'm not a monster. I'm just ahead of the curve.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Gambol: [to The Joker during a private sit down meeting with the gangsters] Give me one reason why I shouldn't have my boy here pull your head off. The Joker: How about a magic trick? [pulls out a pencil and sticks it upright into the table] The Joker: I'm gonna make this pencil disappear. [Gambol's thug walks over to kill The Joker, who slams his face into the pencil and kills him] The Joker: Ta-daa! It's... it's gone.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Bruce Wayne: [in his high rise apartment] The bandit, in the forest in Burma, did you catch him? Alfred Pennyworth: Yes. Bruce Wayne: How? Alfred Pennyworth: We burned the forest down.

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [to Det. Stephens in the interrogation room] Do you want to know why I use a knife? Guns are too quick. You can't savor all the... little emotions. In... you see, in their last moments, people show you who they really are. So in a way, I know your friends better than you ever did. Would you like to know which of them were cowards?

§The Dark Knight ¤ Bruce Wayne: [while in the underground bat cave] Targeting me won't get their money back. I knew the mob wouldn't go down without a fight, but this is different. They crossed the line. Alfred Pennyworth: You crossed the line first, sir. You squeezed them, you hammered them to the point of desperation. And in their desperation, they turned to a man they didn't fully understand. Bruce Wayne: Criminals aren't complicated, Alfred. Just have to figure out what he's after. Alfred Pennyworth: With respect Master Wayne, perhaps this is a man that *you* don't fully understand, either. A long time ago, I was in Burma. My friends and I were working for the local government. They were trying to buy the loyalty of tribal leaders by bribing them with precious stones. But their caravans were being raided in a forest north of Rangoon by a bandit. So, we went looking for the stones. But in six months, we never met anybody who traded with him. One day, I saw a child playing with a ruby the size of a tangerine. The bandit had been throwing them away. Bruce Wayne: So why steal them? Alfred Pennyworth: Well, because he thought it was good sport. Because some men aren't looking for anything logical, like money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. Some men just want to watch the world burn.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Gambol's Bodyguard: Yo, Gambol, there's somebody here for you. They say they just killed the Joker. Gambol's Bodyguard: They brought the body. [a body bag is brought in and dropped on the table; Gambol unzips it, revealing Joker's face] Gambol: So. For dead, that's 500... The Joker: [sitting up and sticking a blade in Gambol's mouth] How 'bout alive? [Joker's men hold the bodyguards] The Joker: You wanna know how I got these scars? My father, was a drinker, and a fiend. And one night, he goes off crazier than usual. Mommy gets the kitchen knife to defend herself. He doesn't like that. Not. One. Bit. So, me watching, he takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it. He turns to me and says, "Why so serious?" Comes at me with the knife. "WHY SO SERIOUS?" He sticks the blade in my mouth... "Let's put a smile on that face." And... [glancing at thug] The Joker: Why so serious? [kills Gambol]

§The Dark Knight ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: [as they leave the underground bat cave] I suppose they'll lock me up as well. As your accomplice... Bruce Wayne: [jokingly] Accomplice? I'm going to tell them the whole thing was your idea.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Batman: [as Joker is holding Rachel out a window] Let her go! The Joker: [giving him a look] Very poor choice of words...

§The Dark Knight ¤ Lucius Fox: [to Reese] Let me get this straight, you think that your client, one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the world, is secretly a vigilante, who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands, and your plan is to blackmail this person? [Reese's face falls and Fox smiles] Lucius Fox: Good luck.

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [in a warehouse next to a mountain of money] All you care about is money. This city deserves a better class of criminal. And I'm gonna give it to them!

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: I just did what I do best. I took your little plan and I turned it on itself. Look what I did to this city with a few drums of gas and a couple of bullets. Hmmm? You know... You know what I've noticed? Nobody panics when things go "according to plan." Even if the plan is horrifying! If, tomorrow, I tell the press that, like, a gang banger will get shot, or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up, nobody panics, because it's all "part of the plan". But when I say that one little old mayor will die, well then everyone loses their minds! [Joker hands Two-Face a gun and points it at himself] The Joker: Introduce a little anarchy. Upset the established order, and everything becomes chaos. I'm an agent of chaos. Oh, and you know the thing about chaos? It's fair! [still holding the gun, Two-Face pauses and takes out his coin] Two-Face: [showing Joker the good side] You live. The Joker: Mm-hmm. Two-Face: [showing the scarred side] You die. The Joker: Mmm, now we're talking.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Harvey Dent: [during a press conference] The night is darkest just before the dawn. And I promise you, the dawn is coming.

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [in the interrogation room] I want... my phone call. I want it. I want it! I want my phone call! Detective Stephens: That's nice. The Joker: How many of your friends have I killed? Detective Stephens: I'm a twenty-year man. I can tell the difference between punks who need a little lesson in manners, and the freaks like you who just enjoy it. [pause] Detective Stephens: And you've killed six of my friends. The Joker: [mouths "six?"]

§The Dark Knight ¤ Batman: [in the back of a factory at 250 52nd Street] What happened to Rachel wasn't chance. We decided to act! We three! Two-Face: Then why was it me who was the only one who lost everything? Batman: It wasn't. Two-Face: The Joker chose ME! Batman: Because you were the best of us! He wanted to prove that even someone as good as you could fall. Two-Face: [bitter] And he was right.

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [while hanging upside down] Oh, you. You just couldn't let me go, could you? This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. You truly are incorruptible, aren't you? You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness. And I won't kill you because you're just too much fun. I think you and I are destined to do this forever. Batman: You'll be in a padded cell forever. The Joker: Maybe we can share one. You know, they'll be doubling up, the rate this city's inhabitants are losing their minds. Batman: This city just showed you that it's full of people ready to believe in good. The Joker: Until their spirit breaks completely. Until they get a good look at the real Harvey Dent, and all the heroic things he's done. You didn't think I'd risk losing the battle for Gotham's soul in a fistfight with you? No. You need an ace in the hole. Mine's Harvey. Batman: What did you do? The Joker: I took Gotham's white knight and I brought him down to our level. It wasn't hard. You see, madness, as you know, is like gravity. All it takes is a little push! [the Joker laughs hysterically as Batman races off and the cops come to take the Joker into custody]

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [during the fundraiser party held for Harvey Dent] You know, I'll settle for his loved ones. Gentleman at Party: We're not intimidated by thugs! The Joker: [as he smacks his lips] You know, you remind me of my father. [the Joker pulls out his switchblade and brings it to the Gentleman's mouth] The Joker: I hated my father! Rachel Dawes: [off-screen] Okay, stop! [turns to face Rachel, tosses the Gentleman to his thugs and approaches Rachel, adjusting his hair with the knife] The Joker: Well, hello, beautiful. You must be Harvey's squeeze. And you *are* beautiful. [he walks around her] The Joker: Oh, you look nervous. Is it the scars? You want to know how I got 'em? [He grabs Rachel's head and positions the knife by her mouth] The Joker: Come here. Hey! Look at me. So I had a wife. She was beautiful, like you. Who tells me I worry too much. Who tells me I ought to smile more. Who gambles and gets in deep with the sharks. One day, they carve her face. And we have no money for surgeries. She can't take it. I just want to see her smile again. I just want her to know that I don't care about the scars. So... I stick a razor in my mouth and do this... [the Joker mimics slicing his mouth open with his tongue] The Joker: ...to myself. And you know what? She can't stand the sight of me! She leaves. Now I see the funny side. Now I'm always smiling! [Rachel knees the Joker in the groin; he merely laughs it off] The Joker: A little fight in you. I like that. Batman: [off-screen] Then you're gonna love me. [attacks him]

§The Dark Knight ¤ Lt. James Gordon: [in the interrogation room] Harvey Dent never made it home. The Joker: Of course not. Lt. James Gordon: What have you done with him? The Joker: Me? I was right here. [holds up his arms in handcuffs] The Joker: Who did you leave him with? Your people? Assuming, of course, they are still *your* people, and not Maroni's. Does it depress you, commissioner? To know just how alone you really are? Does it make you feel responsible for Harvey Dent's current predicament? Lt. James Gordon: Where is he? The Joker: What's the time? Lt. James Gordon: What difference does that make? The Joker: Well, depending on the time, he may be in one spot, or several. Lt. James Gordon: If we're gonna play games... [takes off Joker's handcuffs] Lt. James Gordon: I'm gonna need a cup of coffee. The Joker: Ah, the good cop, bad cop routine? Lt. James Gordon: Not exactly.

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Chechen: [in a warehouse next to a mountain of money] Joker-man, what you do with all your money? The Joker: You see, I'm a guy of simple taste. I enjoy dynamite, and gunpowder, and gasoline! [he pours gasoline on the mountain of cash] The Chechen: [panicked] What the...? The Joker: Ah-ta-ta-ta-ta. And you know the thing they have in common? They're cheap.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Two-Face: [in the back of a factory at 250 52nd Street] You thought we could be decent men in an indecent time. But you were wrong. The world is cruel, and the only morality in a cruel world is chance. [holds up his coin] Two-Face: Unbiased. Unprejudiced. Fair.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Harvey Dent: Alfred, right? Alfred Pennyworth: [during the fundraiser party held for Harvey Dent] That's right, sir. Harvey Dent: Yeah, Rachel talks about you all the time. You've known her, her whole life! Alfred Pennyworth: Oh, not yet, sir. Harvey Dent: Heh heh heh. Any psychotic ex-boyfriends I should be aware of? Alfred Pennyworth: [smiles] Oh, you have no idea.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Grumpy: That's a lot of money. If this Joker guy was so smart, he'd have had us bring a bigger car. [promptly draws his gun and points it a Bozo] Grumpy: I'm bettin' the Joker told you to kill me as soon as we loaded the cash. Bozo: [looks at his watch, checking it. He sighs] No, no no no. I kill the bus driver. Grumpy: [as Bozo moves a few paces to one side] Bus driver? What bus driver? [a yellow school bus reverses through the bank's doors and knocks Grumpy down. The driver jumps out] Bus Driver: School's out! Time to go! [laughs] Bus Driver: Cat's not gettin' up, is he? [loading duffels] Bus Driver: That's a lot of money. What happened to the rest of the guys? [Bozo casually shoots the bus driver dead, then picks up the last duffel and throws it into the bus. Bozo prepares to climb in] Gotham National Bank Manager: Think you're smart, huh? The guy that hired youze, he'll just do the same to you. Oh, criminals in this town used to believe in things. Honor. Respect. Look at you! What do you believe in, huh? WHAT DO YOU BELIEVE IN? Bozo: [putting a gas grenade in the banker's mouth] I believe, whatever doesn't kill you, simply makes you... [takes off his mask revealing the face of the Joker] The Joker: ...stranger.

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [SPOILER] We really should stop this fighting, otherwise we'll miss the fireworks! Batman: [while being pinned down on the platform next to the ledge of a building that's still under construction] There won't *be* any fireworks! The Joker: And here... we... go! [Silence. Nothing happens. Confused, Joker turns to look at the clock, which shows that it's past midnight and neither ferry has blown the other up] Batman: [triumphantly] What were you trying to prove? That deep down, everyone's as ugly as you? You're alone! The Joker: [sighs] Can't rely on anyone these days, you have to do everything yourself, don't we!

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [after a news segment] I had a vision, of a world without Batman. The mob ground out a little profit and the police tried to shut them down, one block at a time. And it was so... boring. I've had a change of heart. I don't want Mr. Reese spoiling everything, but why should I have all the fun? Let's give someone else a chance. If Coleman Reese isn't dead in sixty minutes then I blow up a hospital.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Bruce Wayne: [while in the underground bat cave] People are dying, Alfred. What would you have me do? Alfred Pennyworth: Endure, Master Wayne. Take it. They'll hate you for it, but that's the point of Batman, he can be the outcast. He can make the choice that no one else can make, the right choice. Bruce Wayne: Well today I found out what Batman can't do. He can't endure this. Today you get to say "I told you so." Alfred Pennyworth: Today, I don't want to. [pauses for several moments] Alfred Pennyworth: But I did bloody tell you.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Harvey Dent: [during the fundraiser party held for Harvey Dent] The famous Bruce Wayne. Rachel's told me everything about you. Bruce Wayne: I certainly hope not.

§The Dark Knight ¤ [the Joker has rigged two ferries to explode, one filled with prison inmates, one with ordinary people, giving each ferry one detonator and telling them they have to blow up the other, or he'll blow up both. A prisoner approaches the warden, who's holding the detonator] Tattooed Prisoner: You don't want to die, but you don't know how to take a life. Give it to me; these men would kill you, and take it anyway. Give it to me. You can tell 'em I took it by force. Give it to me, and I'll do what you shoulda did ten minutes ago. [Scared, the warden hands over the detonator. The prisoner looks at it, then throws it out the window]

§The Dark Knight ¤ Salvatore Maroni: [in the back seat of his car] Look, if I tell you, will you let me go? Two-Face: Can't hurt your chances. Salvatore Maroni: It was Ramirez. [Two-Face pulls the coin out and cocks his gun] Salvatore Maroni: [panicking] But you said... Two-Face: I said it couldn't hurt your chances. [flips coin; good side] Two-Face: You're a lucky man. [flips again; bad side] Two-Face: He's not. Salvatore Maroni: Who? Two-Face: [buckles seat belt] Your driver. [He shoots the driver in the back; the car goes flying off the road]

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: Don't talk like one of them, you're not! Even if you'd like to be. To them, you're just a freak, like me. They need you right now. But when they don't, they'll cast you out, like a leper. See, their morals, their code... it's a bad joke. Dropped at the first sign of trouble. They're only as good as the world allows them to be. I'll show you, when the chips are down, these... these civilized people? They'll eat each other. See, I'm not a monster, I'm just ahead of the curve. Batman: [grabs Joker] Where's Dent? The Joker: You have all these rules and you think they'll save you! Lt. James Gordon: [as Batman slams Joker into the wall] He's in control. Batman: I have one rule. The Joker: Oh, then that's the rule you'll have to break to know the truth. Batman: [getting impatient] Which is? The Joker: The only sensible way to live in this world is without rules. [mimicking Batman's voice] The Joker: And tonight you're gonna break your one rule. Batman: I'm considering it. The Joker: Oh, there's only minutes left, so you're gonna have to play my little game if you wanna save one of them. Batman: [softly, fearful] Them? The Joker: You know for awhile there, I thought you really were Dent. The way you threw yourself after her. [Joker laughs, Batman throws Joker on table, barricades door] The Joker: Look at you go! Does Harvey know about you and his little bunny? Batman: [slams Joker into mirror] Where are they? The Joker: Killing is making a choice. Batman: [punches Joker] Where are they? The Joker: Choose between one life or the other. Your friend, the district attorney, or his blushing bride-to-be... [punches Joker] The Joker: [laughs] You have nothing, nothing to threaten me with! Nothing to do with all your strength! [grabs Joker] The Joker: Don't worry, I'm gonna tell you where they are. Both of them. And that's the point. You'll have to choose. He's at 250 52ND Street and she's on Avenue X, at Cicero.

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [stumbles out of wrecked truck, playing chicken with Batman] Come on, I want you to do it, I want you to do it. Come on, hit me. Hit me!

§The Dark Knight ¤ Gambol: [During a private sit down meeting with the gangsters] You think you can steal from us and just walk away? The Joker: Yeah.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: Will you be wanting the Batpod, sir? Bruce Wayne: In the middle of the day, Alfred? Not very subtle. Alfred Pennyworth: The Lamborghini, then. [with deadpan sarcasm] Alfred Pennyworth: Much more subtle.

§The Dark Knight ¤ [bumps along while driving a hijacked semi truck] The Joker: [driving in the driver's seat] I like this job - I like it!

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [over the PA] Tonight you're all gonna be part of a social experiment. Through the magic of diesel fuel and ammonium nitrate, I'm ready right now to blow you all sky high. Anyone attempts to get off their boat, you all die. Each of you has a remote... to blow up the other boat. At midnight, I blow you all up. If, however, one of you presses the button, I'll let that boat live. So, who's it going to be: Harvey Dent's most wanted scumbag collection, or the sweet and innocent civilians? You choose... oh, and you might want to decide quickly, because the people on the other boat might not be so noble.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Batman: [about the Joker] Where is he? Salvatore Maroni: I don't know where he is, he found us! Batman: He must have friends! Salvatore Maroni: [incredulous] Friends? Have you met this guy?

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: It's a funny world we live in. Speaking of which, do you know how I got these scars? Batman: [while being pinned down on the platform next to the ledge of a building that's still under construction] No! But I know how you got these! [fires gauntlet blades into Joker's face]

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [after a news segment] Are you the real Batman? Brian: No. The Joker: No? Then why do you dress like him? Brian: He's a symbol... that we don't have to be afraid of scum like you. The Joker: Yeah, you do, Brian. You *really* do!

§The Dark Knight ¤ The Joker: [upon entering the fundraiser party held for Harvey Dent while his henchmen follow behind him] Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We are tonight's entertainment! I only have one question. Where is Harvey Dent? [nobody responds; The Joker walks around the room pointing with his shotgun at everyone] The Joker: You know where Harvey is? You know who he is? [grabs a man's face] The Joker: You know where I can find Harvey? I need to talk to him about something. Just something, a little. [turns the man's face away] The Joker: No...

§The Dark Knight ¤ James Gordon Jr.: Did Batman save you, Daddy? Lt. James Gordon: Actually, this time I saved him.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: [looks at the large gash on Bruce's arm] Did you get mauled by a tiger? Bruce Wayne: [quietly] It was a dog. Alfred Pennyworth: Huh? Bruce Wayne: It was a big dog! [pause] Bruce Wayne: More copycats last night, Alfred, with guns. Alfred Pennyworth: Why don't you hire them and take the weekend off?

§The Dark Knight ¤ [last lines in the back of a factory] James Gordon Jr.: Why's he running, Dad? Lt. James Gordon: Because we have to chase him. James Gordon Jr.: He didn't do anything wrong. Lt. James Gordon: Because he's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now. So we'll hunt him. Because he can take it. Because he's not our hero. He's a silent guardian, a watchful protector. A dark knight.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Lt. James Gordon: [after Bruce saves Reese by blocking a truck with his car] It's mister Wayne, isn't it? That was a very brave thing you did! Bruce Wayne: Trying to catch the light? Lt. James Gordon: You weren't protecting the van? Bruce Wayne: Why, who's in it? [Reese steps out, sees Bruce, who nods slightly] Bruce Wayne: Do you think I should go to the hospital? Lt. James Gordon: You don't watch a whole lot of news, do you, Mr. Wayne?

§The Dark Knight ¤ Batman: Because sometimes the truth isn't good enough. [insert cut: Alfred burns the envelope from Rachel] Batman: Sometimes, people deserve more.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: [while in the underground bat cave] Know your limits, Master Wayne. Bruce Wayne: Batman has no limits. Alfred Pennyworth: Well, you do, sir. Bruce Wayne: Well, can't afford to know 'em. Alfred Pennyworth: And what happens on the day that you find out? Bruce Wayne: Well, we all know how much you love to say "I told you so." Alfred Pennyworth: On that day, Master Wayne, even I won't want to. Probably.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Bruce Wayne: [standing next to the storage drawers in the applied sciences division at Wayne Enterprises] How will it hold up against dogs? Lucius Fox: We talking Rottweilers or Chihuahuas? Should do fine against cats.

§The Dark Knight ¤ Rachel Dawes: [narrating her letter to Bruce as Alfred reads it] Dear Bruce. I need to be honest and clear. I'm going to marry Harvey Dent. I love him, and I want to spend the rest of my life with him. When I told you that if Gotham no longer needed Batman we could be together, I meant it. But now I'm sure the day won't come when *you* no longer need Batman. I hope it does; and if it does I will be there, but as your friend. I'm sorry to let you down. If you lose your faith in me, please keep your faith in people. Love, now and always, Rachel.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [Vito returns years later to Sicily and meets Don Ciccio, the man who murdered Vito's family] Don Ciccio: I see you took the name of the town. What was your father's name? Vito Corleone: Antonio Andolini. Don Ciccio: You'll have to speak up. I can't hear you Vito Corleone: My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you. [stabs him]

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Vito Corleone: I make him an offer he don' refuse. Don' worry.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [about the unrest in Cuba] Michael Corleone: I saw a strange thing today. Some rebels were being arrested. One of them pulled the pin on a grenade. He took himself and the captain of the command with him. Now, soldiers are paid to fight; the rebels aren't. Hyman Roth: What does that tell you? Michael Corleone: They could win.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Senator Pat Geary: I don't like your kind of people. I don't like to see you come out to this clean country in your oily hair, dressed up in those silk suits, and try to pass yourselves off as decent Americans. I'll do business with you, but the fact is that I despise your masquerade. The dishonest way you pose yourself. Yourself and your whole fucking family. Michael Corleone: Senator, we're both part of the same hypocrisy. But never think it applies to my family.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Hyman Roth: There was this kid I grew up with; he was younger than me. Sorta looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good, we made the most of it. During Prohibition, we ran molasses into Canada... made a fortune, your father, too. As much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to build a city out of a desert stop-over for GI's on the way to the West Coast. That kid's name was Moe Greene, and the city he invented was Las Vegas. This was a great man, a man of vision and guts. And there isn't even a plaque, or a signpost or a statue of him in that town! Someone put a bullet through his eye. No one knows who gave the order. When I heard it, I wasn't angry; I knew Moe, I knew he was head-strong, talking loud, saying stupid things. So when he turned up dead, I let it go. And I said to myself, this is the business we've chosen; I didn't ask who gave the order, because it had nothing to do with business!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Vito Corleone: [in Italian] Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [Geary is demanding a large bribe for a gaming license] Senator Pat Geary: I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. Michael Corleone: Senator? You can have my answer now, if you like. My final offer is this: nothing. Not even the fee for the gaming license, which I would appreciate if you would put up personally.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: C'mon Frankie... my father did business with Hyman Roth, he respected Hyman Roth. Frank Pentangeli: Your father did business with Hyman Roth, he respected Hyman Roth... but he never *trusted* Hyman Roth!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Kay Corleone: Oh, Michael. Michael, you are blind. It wasn't a miscarriage. It was an abortion. An abortion, Michael. Just like our marriage is an abortion. Something that's unholy and evil. I didn't want your son, Michael! I wouldn't bring another one of you sons into this world! It was an abortion, Michael! It was a son Michael! A son! And I had it killed because this must all end! [Michael's eyes begin to bulge] Kay Corleone: I know now that it's over. I knew it then. There would be no way, Michael... no way you could ever forgive me not with this Sicilian thing that's been going on for 2,000 years. [Michael loses control. He slaps Kay across the face. She falls onto the couch] Michael Corleone: Bitch! You won't take my children! Kay Corleone: I will. Michael Corleone: You WON'T TAKE MY CHILDREN! Kay Corleone: They're my children too.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael: I've always taken care of you, Fredo. Fredo Corleone: Taken care of me? You're my kid brother and you take care of me? Did you ever think about that? Hah? Did you ever once that about that?

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: [discussing the incident regarding the two unknown gunmen who fired through Michael's bedroom window earlier] You heard what happened in my home? Frank Pentangeli: Mike, I almost died myself. We was all so relieved... Michael Corleone: [interrupts] In my HOME! IN MY BEDROOM WHERE MY WIFE SLEEPS! Where my children come and play with their toys. In my home.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Connie: Michael, I hated you for so many years. I think that I did things to myself, to hurt myself so that you'd know - that I could hurt you. You were just being strong for all of us the way Papa was. And I forgive you. Can't you forgive Fredo? He's so sweet and helpless without you. You need me, Michael. I want to take care of you now.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [during the play 'Senza Mamma'] Genco Abbandando: Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful? Vito Corleone: She's very beautiful. To you, she's beautiful. For me, there's only my wife and son.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Fredo Corleone: I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! Michael Corleone: That's the way Pop wanted it. Fredo Corleone: It ain't the way I wanted it! I can handle things! I'm smart! Not like everybody says... like dumb... I'm smart and I want respect!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Tom Hagen: When a plot against the Emperor failed... the plotters were always given a chance... to let their families keep their fortunes. Right? Frank Pentangeli: Yeah, but only the rich guys, Tom. The little guys got knocked off and all their estates went to the Emperors. Unless they went home and killed themselves, then nothing happened. And the families... the families were taken care of. Tom Hagen: That was a good break. A nice deal. Frank Pentangeli: Yeah... They went home... and sat in a hot bath... opened up their veins... and bled to death... and sometimes they had a little party before they did it.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: Fredo, you're nothing to me now. You're not a brother, you're not a friend. I don't want to know you or what you do. I don't want to see you at the hotels, I don't want you near my house. When you see our mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there. You understand?

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [Ordering drinks in a Havana cafe] Fredo Corleone: Uno... por favor... [to Michael] Fredo Corleone: How do you say "banana daiquiri"? Michael Corleone: "Banana daiquiri."

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Hyman Roth: I'd give four million just to be able to take a piss without it hurting

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [Kay is threatening to take the children away] Michael: Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening?

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Santino: Your country ain't your blood. Remember that.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Tom Hagen: Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Fredo Corleone: You know when I was your age, I went out to fishing with all my brothers and my father, and everybody. And I was, I was the only one who caught a fish. Nobody else could catch one except me. You know how I did it? Every time I put the line in the water I said a Hail Mary and every time I said a Hail Mary I caught a fish. You believe that? It's true, that's the secret. You wanna try it when we go out on the lake?

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Al Neri: Our friend and associate Hyman Roth is in the news. The High Court of Israel turned down his request to live there as a returning Jew. He landed in Buenos Aires last night offering a "gift" of a million dollars if they'd let him stay. They said no. His passport's been invalidated, except for his return trip to the States. Tom Hagen: He'll try Panama next. Michael Corleone: Panama won't take him. Not for a million, not for ten million.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael: Was it a boy? Tom Hagen: Mikey, after three and a half months... Michael: WHY CAN'T YOU GIVE ME A STRAIGHT ANSWER ANY MORE? WAS IT A BOY?

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: Keep 'em alive. Rocco Lampone: We'll try. Michael Corleone: ROCCO! ALIVE!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: He's has been dying from the same heart attack for the last twenty years.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Don Fanucci: Young man, I hear you and your friends are stealing goods. But you don't even send a dress to my house. No respect! You know I've got three daughters. This is my neighborhood. You and your friends should show me some respect. You should let me wet my beak a little. I hear you and your friends cleared $600 each. Give me $200 each, for your own protection. And I'll forget the insult. You young punks have to learn to respect a man like me! Otherwise the cops will come to your house. And your family will be ruined. Of course, if I'm wrong about how much you stole, I'll take a little less. And by less, I only mean - a hundred bucks less. Now don't refuse me. Understand, paisan? Understand, paisan?... Tell your friends I don't want a lot. Just enough to wet my beak. Don't be afraid to tell them!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Hyman Roth: I'm going in to take a nap. When I wake, if the money's on the table, I'll know I have a partner. If it isn't, I'll know I don't.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael: I don't want anything to happen to him while my mother's alive.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: Anthony, I'm going to be leaving very early tomorrow. Anthony Corleone: Will you take me? Michael Corleone: No, I can't. Anthony Corleone: Why do you have to go? Michael Corleone: Because I have to do business. Anthony Corleone: I could help you. Michael Corleone: Someday you will.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Frank Pentangeli: Hey, what's with the food around here? A kid comes up to me in a white jacket, gives me a Ritz cracker, and uh, chopped liver, he says, 'Canapes'. I said, uh, 'can of peas, my ass, that's a Ritz cracker and chopped liver!'

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: I trust these men with my life, Senator. To ask them to leave would be an insult.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Johnny Ola: Hyman Roth always makes money for his partners. One by one, our old friends are gone. Death, natural or not, prison, deported. Hyman Roth is the only one left, because he always made money for his partners.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Kay: It made me think of what you once told me: "In five years the Corleone family will be completely legitimate." That was seven years ago. Michael Corleone: I know. I'm trying, darling.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [last lines] [flashback - Don Vito Corleone's birthday in 1941] Fredo Corleone, Tom Hagen, Santino, Connie, Salvatore "Sally" Tessio, Theresa Hagen, Carlo Rizzi: Surprise! [singing] Fredo Corleone, Tom Hagen, Santino, Connie, Salvatore "Sally" Tessio, Theresa Hagen, Carlo Rizzi: For he's a jolly good fellow/For he's a jolly good fellow/For he's a jolly good fellow/ Which nobody can deny...

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [flashback] Santino: Whatcha go to college? To get stupid? You're really stupid!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Hyman Roth: If I could only live to see it, to be there with you. What I wouldn't give for twenty more years! Here we are, protected, free to make our profits without Kefauver, the goddamn Justice Department and the F.B.I. ninety miles away, in partnership with a friendly government. Ninety miles! It's nothing! Just one small step, looking for a man who wants to be President of the United States, and having the cash to make it possible. Michael, we're bigger than U.S. Steel.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Tom Hagen: It would be like trying to kill the President; there's no way we can get to him. Michael Corleone: Tom, you know you surprise me. If anything in this life is certain - if history has taught us anything - it's that you can kill *anybody*.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Hyman Roth: Good health is the most important thing. More than success, more than money, more than power.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [subtitles from Sicilian Italian] Vito Corleone: [picks up baby Michael, kisses him, holds him] Michael, your father loves you very much. Very much.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Frank Pentangeli: I don't - I never knew no godfather. I got my own family, senator.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Michael Corleone: I've always taken care of you Fredo. Fredo Corleone: Taken care of me? You're my kid brother and you take care of me? Did you ever think about that, huh? Did you ever ONCE think about that? "Send Fredo off to do this; Send Fredo off to do that." "Let Fredo take care of some Mickey Mouse nightclub somewhere." "Send Fredo to pick somebody up at the airport." I'm your older brother Mike and I was stepped over.

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [while watching a "Punch and Judy" puppet show] Don Fanucci: Oh, this is too violent for me!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [Before shooting occurs at the Michael Corleone estate] Kay: Michael, why are the drapes open?

§The Godfather Part II ¤ [first lines] Title Card: The godfather was born Vito Andolini, in the town of Corleone in Sicily. In 1901 his father was murdered for an insult to the local Mafia chieftain. His older brother Paolo swore revenge and disappeared into the hills, leaving Vito, the only male heir, to stand with his mother at the funeral. He was nine years old. [gunshots and screams] Woman: [subtitled from Italian] They've killed the boy! They've killed young Paolo! They've killed your son Paolo!

§The Godfather Part II ¤ Hyman Roth: [his last words] I'm a retired investor living on a pension. I came home to vote in the Presidential Election because they wouldn't give me an absentee ballot. [Seconds later, Rocco walks up to Roth and shoots him in the stomach, killing him]

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: Let me ask you this: Do you really think the boy'd shout out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood could hear him? I don't think so - he's much too bright for that. Juror #10: Bright? He's a common ignorant slob. He don't even speak good English. Juror #11: [who has a foreign accent] He *doesn't* speak good English.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #11: I beg pardon... Juror #10: "I beg pardon?" What are you so polite about? Juror #11: For the same reason you are not: it's the way I was brought up.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #9: Gentlemen, that's a very sad thing... to be nothing.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: [to Juror #8 about the El-Train drowning out the supposed death threat] You're talkin' about a matter of *seconds!* Nobody can be *that* accurate! Juror #8: Well, I think testimony that can put a boy into the electric chair *should* be that accurate.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: [after conducting an experiment to see if the old man could have reached his door in 15 seconds] Here's what I think happened: the old man heard the fight between the boy and his father a few hours earlier. Then, when he's lying in his bed, he heard a body hit the floor in the boy's apartment, heard the woman scream from across the street, got to his front door as fast as he could, heard somebody racing down the stairs and *assumed* it was the boy! Juror #6: I think that's possible! Juror #3: [from the other side of the room] *"Assumed"?* [Everyone looks at #3 as he chuckles] Juror #3: Brother, I've seen all kinds of dishonesty in my day, but this little display takes the cake. Y'all come in here with your hearts bleedin' all over the floor about slum kids and injustice, you listen to some fairy tales... Suddenly, you start gettin' through to some of these old ladies. Well, you're not getting through to me, I've had enough. [starts shouting] Juror #3: What's the *matter* with you guys? You all *know* he's guilty! He's *got* to burn! You're letting him slip through our fingers! Juror #8: [brow furrowing] "Slip through our fingers"? Are you his executioner? Juror #3: I'm one of 'em! Juror #8: ...Perhaps you'd like to pull the switch? Juror #3: For this kid? You bet I would! Juror #8: [baiting him] I feel sorry for you. What it must feel like to want to pull the switch! Ever since you walked into this room, you've been acting like a self-appointed public avenger. You want to see this boy die because you *personally* want it, not because of the facts! You're a sadist! [#3 lunges wildly at #8, who holds his ground. Several jurors hold #3 back] Juror #3: I'll kill him! I'll - *kill him!* Juror #8: [calmly] You don't *really* mean you'll kill me, do you?

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: It's always difficult to keep personal prejudice out of a thing like this. And wherever you run into it, prejudice always obscures the truth. I don't really know what the truth is. I don't suppose anybody will ever really know. Nine of us now seem to feel that the defendant is innocent, but we're just gambling on probabilities - we may be wrong. We may be trying to let a guilty man go free, I don't know. Nobody really can. But we have a reasonable doubt, and that's something that's very valuable in our system. No jury can declare a man guilty unless it's sure.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: [after Juror #10 explains that he believes the boy is guilty because of the testimony of the woman across the street] I'd like to ask you something: you don't believe the boy's story. How come you believe the woman's? She's one of "them", too, isn't she? Juror #10: [the smile vanishes from his face] You're a pretty smart fella, aren't you?

§12 Angry Men ¤ [Juror 8 has convinced everyone to change their votes to "not guilty" - except for Juror 3] Juror #7: Well, what do we do now? Juror #8: [to #3] You're alone. Juror #3: I don't care whether I'm alone or not! It's my right. Juror #8: [nods] It's your right. [beat] Juror #3: Well, what do you want? I say he's guilty. Juror #8: We want to hear your arguments. Juror #3: I *gave* you my arguments! Juror #8: We're not convinced. We want to hear them again. We have as much time as it takes. Juror #3: [another pause, seething with anger] Everything - *every single thing* that took place in that courtroom, but I mean everything - says he's guilty. What d'ya think, I'm an idiot or somethin'? [gets out of his seat] Juror #3: Why don'tcha take that stuff about the old man - the old man who *lived* there and heard *every*thing? Or this business about the knife! What, 'cause we found one exactly like it? The old man *saw* him! Right there on the stairs! What's the difference how many seconds it was? Every single thing... The knife falling through a hole in his pocket... You can't *prove* he didn't get to the door! Sure, you can take all the time, hobblin' around the room, but you can't prove it! And what about this business with the El? And the movies! There's a phony deal if I ever heard one. I betcha five thousand dollars I'd remember the movies I saw! I'm tellin' ya, every thing that's gone on has been twisted... and turned! [points at Juror #8] Juror #3: This business with the glasses? How do *you* know she didn't have 'em on? This woman testified in open court! And what about hearin' the kid yell? Huh? I'm tellin' ya, I've got all the facts here... Juror #3: [struggles with his notebook] Here... Ah. [He throws it on the table. The photo of him with his son is on top] Juror #3: Well, that's it - that's the whole case! [He turns towards the window as the other jurors stare at him; he turns back to them] Juror #3: Well? *Say* something! [No one obliges; everyone is focused on him] Juror #3: You lousy bunch of bleedin' 'earts... You're not goin' to intimidate me - I'm *entitled* to my opinion! [He sees the picture of his son on the table] Juror #3: Rotten kids, you work your life out...! [He grabs the picture and tears it to pieces. He suddenly realizes what he's doing and sobs into his clenched fist] Juror #3: ...no. Not guilty. Not guilty.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: [answering Juror #4's remark about where the father's body was found] We're not, unless somebody else wants to; but *I'd* like to find out if an old man who drags one foot when he walks, 'cause he had a stroke last year, could get from his bedroom to his front door in 15 seconds. Juror #3: He said 20 seconds. Juror #8: [looks at him] He said fifteen! Juror #3: He said twenty seconds! What are you tryin' to distort... Juror #11: He said fifteen. Juror #3: [pause, then shouts] How does he know how long fifteen seconds is? You can't judge a thing like that! Juror #9: He said fifteen seconds. He was very positive about it! Juror #3: He was an old man! Half the time he was confused! How could he be positive about anything? [stops, realizing what he's just admitted]

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #10: [the vote has become 9-3, enraging Juror #10] I don't understand you people! I mean all these picky little points you keep bringing up. They don't mean nothing! You saw this kid just like I did. You're not gonna tell me you believe that phony story about losing the knife, and that business about being at the movies. Look, you know how these people *lie!* It's *born* in them! I mean, what the heck? I don't have to tell you! They don't know what the truth *is!* And lemme tell ya: they don't need any real big reason to kill someone, either! No *sir!* [#5 slams the paper down, gets up from his seat] Juror #10: They get drunk! Oh, they're real big drinkers, all of 'em - you know that - and bang: someone's lyin' in the gutter! Oh, nobody's blaming them for it. That's the way they are, by nature! You know what I mean? *Violent!* Juror #10: [#9 rises and crosses to the window] Where're you going? Human life don't mean as much to them as it does to us! [#11 gets up and walks to the other window] Juror #10: Look, they're lushing it up and fighting all the time and if somebody gets killed, so somebody gets killed! They don't care! Oh, sure, there are some good things about 'em, too! Look, I'm the first one to say that! Juror #10: [#8 gets up and walks to the nearest wall] I've known a couple who were OK, but that's the exception, y'know what I mean? Most of 'em, it's like they have no feelings! They can do anything! [#2 and #6 get up from the table. Everyone's back is to #10] Juror #10: [looking around, starting to decline in volume] What's goin' on here? I'm trying to tell ya... You're makin' a big mistake, you people! This kid is a liar! I know it, I know all about them! Listen to me... They're no good! There's not a one of 'em who is any good! I mean, what's happening in here? I'm speaking my piece, and you... [the Foreman gets up and walks away. So does #12] Juror #10: Listen to me. We're... This kid on trial here... his type, well, don't you know about them? There's a, there's a danger here. These people are dangerous. They're wild. Listen to me. Listen. Juror #4: [quietly and firmly] I have. Now sit down and don't open your mouth again. [beat] Juror #10: [the shock of being ignored and silenced sinking in] I'm jus' tryin'-a... tell ya...

§12 Angry Men ¤ [last lines] Juror #9: Hey!... What's your name? Juror #8: Davis. Juror #9: [shakes his hand] My name's McCardle. [pause] Juror #9: Well, so long. Juror #8: So long.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #6: You think he's not guilty, huh? Juror #8: I don't know. It's *possible*.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: That business before when that tall guy, what's-his-name, was trying to bait me? That doesn't prove anything. I'm a pretty excitable person. I mean, where does he come off calling me a public avenger, sadist and everything? Anyone in his right mind would blow his stack. He was just trying to bait me. Juror #4: He did an excellent job.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #2: It's hard to put into words. I just think he's guilty. I thought it was obvious from the word, 'Go'. Nobody proved otherwise. Juror #8: Nobody has to prove otherwise. The burden of proof is on the prosecution. The defendant doesn't even have to open his mouth. That's in the Constitution.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #6: [when Juror #8 asks him to "suppose" the defendant's innocence] Well, I'm not used to supposin'. I'm just a workin' man. My boss does all the supposin', but I'll try one. Supposin' you talk us all out of this, and, uh, the kid really did knife his father?

§12 Angry Men ¤ [Juror #9 has pointed out that the witness across the street had marks on her nose, indicating that she normally wore glasses] Juror #8: [to Juror #4] Do you wear glasses when you go to bed? Juror #4: No. I don't. No one wears eyeglasses to bed. Juror #8: It's logical to assume that *she* wasn't wearing them when she was in bed - tossing and turning, trying to fall asleep! Juror #3: How do *you* know? Juror #8: I don't *know* - I'm guessing! I'm also guessing that she probably didn't put her glasses on when she turned to look casually out of the window - and she herself testified the killing took place just as she looked out, the lights went off a split second later - she couldn't have had *time* to put them on then! [stops #3 from stopping him] Juror #8: Here's another guess: maybe she honestly thought she saw the boy kill his father - I say she only saw a blur! Juror #3: How do you know *what* she saw? How does he know all that? How do you know *what* kind of glasses she wore? Maybe they were sunglasses, maybe she was far-sighted! What do you *know* about her? Juror #8: I only know the woman's eyesight is in question now! Juror #11: She had to be able to identify a person sixty feet away, at night, without glasses. Juror #2: You can't send someone off to die on evidence like that! Juror #3: Oh, don't give me that. Juror #8: Don't you think the woman *might* have made a mistake? Juror #3: [stubbornly] No! Juror #8: It's not *possible?* Juror #3: No, it's not possible! Juror #8: [gets up and speaks to Juror #12] Is it possible? Juror #12: [nods] Not guilty. Juror #8: [goes to #10] You think he's guilty? [#10 shakes his head "no"] Juror #3: *I* think he's guilty! Juror #8: [ignores #3; goes to #4] How about you? Juror #4: [looks at #8, pauses, then shakes head] No... I'm convinced. Not guilty. Juror #3: [shocked, having just lost all support] What's the matter with ya? Juror #4: I have a reasonable doubt now. Juror #9: Eleven to one!

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: [justifying his reason for voting "not guilty"] I just think we owe him a few words, that's all. Juror #10: I don't mind telling you this, mister: we don't owe him a thing. He got a fair trial, didn't he? What do you think that trial cost? He's lucky he got it. Know what I mean? Now, look - we're all grown-ups in here. We heard the facts, didn't we? You're not gonna tell me that we're supposed to believe this kid, knowing what he is. Listen, I've lived among them all my life - you can't believe a word they say, you know that. I mean they're born liars. Juror #9: Only an ignorant man can believe that. Juror #10: Now, listen... Juror #9: [gets up] Do you think you were born with a monopoly on the truth? [turns to Juror #8, indicating #10] Juror #9: I think certain things should be pointed out to this man.

§12 Angry Men ¤ [after another vote is taken, the count is six to six] Juror #10: Six to six... I'm telling you, some of you people in here must be out of your minds. A kid like that... Juror #9: I don't think the kind of boy he is has anything to do with it. The facts are supposed to determine the case. Juror #10: Don't give me that. I'm sick and tired of facts! You can twist 'em anyway you like, you know what I mean? Juror #9: That's exactly the point this gentleman has been making. [indicates Juror #8]

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: [when Juror #11 questions whether the boy would return home to retrieve the knife] Look, you voted guilty. What side are ya on? Juror #11: I don't believe I have to be loyal to one side or the other. I'm simply asking questions.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #10: [when a new "not guilty" vote appears in a secret ballot] All right, who was it? I wanna know. Juror #11: Excuse me, this was a secret ballot. We all agreed on that. Now, if the gentleman wants it to remain secret... Juror #3: "Secret"? What do you mean, "secret"? There are no secrets in a jury room, I know who it was. Juror #3: [to Juror #5] Brother, you really are somethin'. you sit here vote guilty like the rest of us, then some golden-voiced preacher starts tearing your poor heart out about some underprivileged kid, just couldn't help becoming a murderer, and you change your vote. Well, if that isn't the most sickening - *why don't you drop a quarter in his collection box?* Juror #5: [astonished that #3 was accusing him, gets up] Oh, now just wait a minute! Listen, you can't talk to me that! Who do you think you are? Juror #4: Now calm down, calm down! Juror #5: No, now who do you think you are? Juror #4: It doesn't matter. He's very excitable. Just sit down... Juror #3: [exploding] "Excitable"? You bet I'm excitable! We're trying to put a guilty man in the chair where he belongs, and then someone starts telling us fairy tales and we're listening! Juror #1: Heya, c'mon now. Juror #3: [to Juror #5] What made you change your vote? Juror #9: He didn't change his vote - *I* did! Juror #10: [everyone stares] Ohhh, fine! Juror #9: Would you like me to tell ya why? Juror #7: No, I wouldn't like you to tell me why. Juror #9: Well, I'd like to make it clear anyways, if you don't mind. Juror #10: [impatient] Do we *have* to listen to this? Juror #6: [firmly] The man wants to talk. Juror #9: [to Juror #6] Thank you. Juror #9: [motions to Juror #8] This gentleman has been standing alone against us. Now, he doesn't say that the boy is *not* guilty; he just isn't *sure*. Well, it's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others, so he gambled for support... and I gave it to him. I respect his motives. The boy is probably guilty, but - eh, I want to hear more. Right now the vote is 10 to 2... [Juror #7 gets up and heads to the bathroom] Juror #9: Now I'm talking here! You have no right to leave this room - ! Juror #8: [calmly stopping him] He can't hear you, and he never will. Let's sit down.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #7: You a Yankee fan? Juror #5: No, Baltimore. Juror #7: Baltimore? That's like being hit in the head with a crowbar once a day.

§12 Angry Men ¤ [after Juror #8 has established that the old man witness could not have heard the killing over the noise of the elevated train] Juror #3: Why should he lie? What's he got to gain? Juror #9: Attention, maybe. Juror #3: You keep coming in with these bright sayings! Why don't you send 'em into a paper? They pay three dollars apiece! Juror #6: [getting up] What are you talkin' to him like that for? Guy talks like that to an old man really oughta get stepped on, you know. You oughta have more respect, mister. If you say stuff like that to him again... I'm gonna lay you out.

§12 Angry Men ¤ [first lines] Man in corridor: You did a wonderful job, wonderful job! Judge: To continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree. Premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts. You've listened to the testimony, you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case, it's now your duty to sit down and try to separate the facts from the fancy. One man is dead, another man's life is at stake, if there's a reasonable doubt in your minds as to the guilt of the accused, uh a reasonable doubt, then you must bring me a verdict of "Not Guilty". If, however, there's no reasonable doubt, then you must, in good conscience, find the accused "Guilty". However you decide, your verdict must be unanimous. In the event that you find the accused "Guilty", the bench will not entertain a recommendation for mercy. The death sentence is mandatory in this case. You're faced with a grave responsibility, thank you, gentlemen.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #9: It's not easy to stand alone against the ridicule of others.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #5: Boy oh boy, it's really hot, huh? Pardon me, but don't you ever sweat? Juror #4: No, I don't.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: Look, there was one alleged eye witness to this killing. Someone else claims he heard the killing, saw the boy run out afterwards and there was a lot of circumstantial evidence. But, actually, those two witnesses were the entire case for the prosecution. Supposing they're wrong? Juror #12: What do you mean, supposing they're wrong? What's the point of having witnesses at all? Juror #8: Could they be wrong? Juror #12: What are you trying to say? Those people sat on the stand under oath. Juror #8: They're only people. People make mistakes. Could they be wrong? Juror #12: Well, no, I don't think so. Juror #8: Do you 'know' so? Juror #12: Oh, come on. Nobody can know a thing like that. This isn't an exact science. Juror #8: That's right, it isn't.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: [taking a cough drop that Juror #2 offered him] There's something else I'd like to talk about for a minute. Thanks. I think we've proved that the old man couldn't have heard the boy say "I'm gonna kill you", but supposing he did... Juror #10: [interrupting] You didn't prove it at all. What're you talking about? Juror #8: But supposing he really *did* hear it. This phrase, how many times have all of us used it? Probably thousands. "I could kill you for that, darling." "Junior, you do that once more and I'm gonna kill you." "Get in there, Rocky, and kill him!"... See, we say it every day. That doesn't mean we're gonna kill anyone. Juror #3: Wait a minute, what are you trying to give us here? The phrase was "I'm gonna kill you"; the kid yelled it at the top of his lungs... Don't tell me he didn't mean it! Anybody says a thing like that the way he said it, they mean it! Juror #2: Well, gee now, I don't know. [Everyone looks at #2] Juror #2: I remember I was arguing with the guy I work next to at the bank a couple of weeks ago. He called me an idiot, so I yelled at him. Juror #3: [pointing at #8] Now listen, this guy's tryin' to make you believe things that aren't so! The kid said he was gonna kill him, and he *did* kill him! Juror #8: Let me ask you this: do you really think the kid would shout out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood could hear him? I don't think so; he's much to bright for that. Juror #10: Bright? He's a common, ignorant slob. He don't even speak good English. Juror #11: [looking up] He *doesn't* even speak good English.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: According to the testimony, the boy looks guilty... maybe he is. I sat there in court for six days listening while the evidence built up. Everybody sounded so positive, you know, I... I began to get a peculiar feeling about this trial. I mean, nothing is that positive. There're a lot of questions I'd have liked to ask. I don't know, maybe they wouldn't have meant anything, but... I began to get the feeling that the defense counsel wasn't conducting a thorough enough cross-examination. I mean, he... he let too many things go by... little things that... Juror #10: What little things? Listen, when these fellas don't ask questions it's because they know the answers already and they figure they'll be hurt. Juror #8: Maybe. It's also possible for a lawyer to be just plain stupid, isn't it? I mean it's possible. Juror #7: You sound like you met my brother-in-law.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: It's these kids - the way they are nowadays. When I was a kid I used to call my father, "Sir". That's right. "Sir". You ever hear a kid call his father that anymore? Juror #8: Fathers don't seem to think it's important anymore. Juror #3: [looking at him] You got any kids? Juror #8: Three. Juror #3: I got one. Twenty-two years old. [takes photo from his wallet and shows it to Juror #8] Juror #3: Aah. When he was nine years old he ran away from a fight. I saw it; I was so embarrassed I almost threw up. I said, "I'm gonna make a man outta you if I have to break you in two tryin'". And I made a man out of him. When he was sixteen, we had a fight. Hit me in the jaw - a big kid. Haven't seen him for two years. Kids... work your heart out...

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: I just want to talk. Juror #7: Well, what's there to talk about? Eleven men in here think he's guilty. No one had to think about it twice except you. Juror #10: I want to to ask you something: do you believe his story? Juror #8: I don't know whether I believe it or not - maybe I don't. Juror #7: So how come you vote not guilty? Juror #8: Well, there were eleven votes for guilty. It's not easy to raise my hand and send a boy off to die without talking about it first. Juror #7: Well now, who says it's easy? Juror #8: No one. Juror #7: What, just because I voted fast? I honestly think the guy's guilty. Couldn't change my mind if you talked for a hundred years. Juror #8: I'm not trying to change your mind. It's just that... we're talking about somebody's life here. We can't decide it in five minutes. Supposing we're wrong? Juror #7: Supposing we're wrong! Supposing this whole building should fall down on my head. You can suppose anything! Juror #8: That's right.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #7: I don't know about the rest of 'em but I'm gettin' a little tired of this yakity-yack and back-and-forth, it's gettin' us nowhere. So I guess *I'll* have to break it up; I change my vote to "not guilty." Juror #3: You *what?* Juror #7: You heard me, I've... had enough. Juror #3: Whaddaya mean, you've had enough? That's no answer! Juror #7: Hey, listen, you just uh... take care of yourself, 'uh? You know? Juror #11: He's right. That's not an answer. What kind of a man are you? You have sat here and voted "guilty" with everyone else because there are some baseball tickets burning a hole in your pocket? And now you've changed your vote because you say you're sick of all the talking here? Juror #7: Now listen, buddy - ! Juror #11: Who tells you that you have the right like this to play with a man's life? Don't you care... Juror #7: Now wait a minute! You can't talk like that to me - ! Juror #11: I *can* talk like that to you! If you want to vote "not guilty", then do it because you are convinced the man is not guilty, not because you've "had enough". And if you think he is guilty, then vote that way! Or don't you have the guts to do what you think is right? Juror #7: Now listen... Juror #11: Guilty or not guilty? Juror #7: I told ya! Not guilty! Juror #11: Why? Juror #7: ...Look, I don't have tuh... Juror #11: You *do* have to! *Say* it! *Why?* Juror #7: Uhh... I don't, uh... think he's guilty! [Juror #11 stares back with impatient resignation, and finally returns to his seat]

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #4: I'll take the testimony from right after the murder, when he couldn't remember a thing about the movies, great emotional stress or not. Juror #8: I'd like to ask you a personal question. Juror #4: Go ahead. Juror #8: Where were you last night? Juror #4: I was home all night. Juror #8: How about the night before that? Juror #3: What is this? Juror #4: It's all right. I left the office at 8:30 and went straight home and to bed. Juror #8: And the night before that? Juror #4: That was... Tuesday night. The bridge tournament. I played bridge. Juror #8: Monday night? Juror #3: When you get to New Year's Eve, 1954, let me know. Juror #4: Monday night? Monday night... my wife and I went to the movies. Juror #8: What did you see? Juror #4: "The Scarlet Circle". A whodunit. Juror #8: What was the second feature? Juror #4: "The"... I'll tell you in a minute..."The... Remarkable Mrs." something... "Bainbridge". "The Remarkable Mrs. Bainbridge". Juror #2: I saw that. It's called "The Amazing Mrs. Bainbridge". Juror #4: Yes. "The Amazing Mrs. Bainbridge". Juror #8: Who was in "The Amazing Mrs. Bainbridge"? Juror #4: Barbara... Long, I think it was. A dark, very pretty girl. Ling or... Long, something like that. Juror #8: Who else? Juror #4: I'd never heard of them before. It was a very inexpensive second feature, with unknown... Juror #8: And you weren't under an emotional stress, were you? Juror #4: [slowly, realizing] No. I wasn't.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #10: Bright? He's a common ignorant slob. He don't even speak good English.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: [as Juror 8 sets up an experiment to see if the old man could reach his front door in 15 seconds] What do you mean, *you* wanna try it? Why didn't his lawyer bring it up if it's so important? Juror #5: Well, maybe he just didn't think about it, huh? Juror #10: What do you mean didn't think of it? Do you think the man's an idiot or something? It's an obvious thing! Juror #5: Did *you* think of it? Juror #10: Listen, smart guy, it don't matter whether I thought of it. He didn't bring it up because he knew it would hurt his case. What do you think of that? Juror #8: Maybe he didn't bring it up because it would've meant bullying and badgering a helpless old man. You know that doesn't sit very well with a jury; most lawyers avoid it if they can. Juror #7: So what kind of a bum is he, then? Juror #8: That's what I've been asking, buddy.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #10: Oh, listen, I don't see what all this stuff about the knife has got to do with anything. Somebody saw the kid stab his father, what more do we need? You guys can talk the ears right off my head, you know what I mean? I got three garages of mine going to pot while you're talking! So let's get down and get out of here!

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: Let me ask you this. Do you really think the boy would shout out a thing like that so the whole neighborhood could hear him? I don't think so. He's much too bright for that.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: Look, you voted guilty. What side are you on?

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: Well, I think testimony that could put a boy into the electric chair should be that accurate.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #11: I don't believe I have to be loyal to one side or the other. I'm simply asking questions.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: You're talking about a matter of seconds! Nobody can be that accurate.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: Has anyone have any idea hwo long it would take an el- [sees Jurors 3 and 12 playing Tic Tac Toe on a piece of scratch paper. He rushes over and takes away the sheet of paper] Juror #3: Hey! Juror #8: This isn't a game.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: Has anyone have any idea how long it would take an el- [sees Jurors 3 and 12 playing Tic Tac Toe on a piece of scratch paper. He rushes over and takes away the sheet of paper] Juror #3: Hey! Juror #8: This isn't a game.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: We're talking about somebody's life here. We can't decide it in five minutes.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #11: [with a foreign accent] He doesn't even speak good English.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #7: [after another juror sneezes loudly] " Ok the horn works, now try the lights"

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #8: It's possible. Juror #3: But not very probable.

§12 Angry Men ¤ Juror #3: [recurring line] You *what?* Juror #5, Juror #7: You heard me.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: Power is when we have every justification to kill, and we don't. Amon Goeth: You think that's power? Oskar Schindler: That's what the Emperor said. A man steals something, he's brought in before the Emperor, he throws himself down on the ground. He begs for his life, he knows he's going to die. And the Emperor... pardons him. This worthless man, he lets him go. Amon Goeth: I think you are drunk. Oskar Schindler: That's power, Amon. That is power.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: I could have got more out. I could have got more. I don't know. If I'd just... I could have got more. Itzhak Stern: Oskar, there are eleven hundred people who are alive because of you. Look at them. Oskar Schindler: If I'd made more money... I threw away so much money. You have no idea. If I'd just... Itzhak Stern: There will be generations because of what you did. Oskar Schindler: I didn't do enough! Itzhak Stern: You did so much. [Schindler looks at his car] Oskar Schindler: This car. Goeth would have bought this car. Why did I keep the car? Ten people right there. Ten people. Ten more people. [removing Nazi pin from lapel] Oskar Schindler: This pin. Two people. This is gold. Two more people. He would have given me two for it, at least one. One more person. A person, Stern. For this. [sobbing] Oskar Schindler: I could have gotten one more person... and I didn't! And I... I didn't!

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: It's Hebrew, it's from the Talmud. It says, "Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire."

§Schindler's List ¤ [Addressing his workers at the end of the war in 1945] Oskar Schindler: The unconditional surrender of Germany has just been announced. At midnight tonight, the war is over. Tomorrow you'll begin the process of looking for survivors of your families. In most cases... you won't find them. After six long years of murder, victims are being mourned throughout the world. We've survived. Many of you have come up to me and thanked me. Thank yourselves. Thank your fearless Stern, and others among you who worried about you and faced death at every moment. I am a member of the Nazi Party. I'm a munitions manufacturer. I'm a profiteer of slave labor. I am... a criminal. At midnight, you'll be free and I'll be hunted. I shall remain with you until five minutes after midnight, after which time - and I hope you'll forgive me - I have to flee. [He addresses the factory's SS guards] Oskar Schindler: I know you have received orders from our commandant, which he has received from his superiors, to dispose of the population of this camp. Now would be the time to do it. Here they are; they're all here. This is your opportunity. Or, you could leave, and return to your families as men instead of murderers. [the guards gradually exit; he addresses the workers again] Oskar Schindler: In memory of the countless victims among your people, I ask us to observe three minutes of silence.

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: This list... is an absolute good. The list is life. All around its margins lies the gulf.

§Schindler's List ¤ [last title card] Title card: There are fewer than 4000 Jews left alive in Poland today. There are more than 6000 descendants of the Schindler Jews.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: In every business I tried, I can see now, it wasn't me that failed. Something was missing. Even if I'd known what it was, there's nothing I could have done about it because you can't create this thing. And it makes all the difference in the world between success and failure. Emilie Schindler: Luck? Oskar Schindler: [Schindler kisses his wife's hand and smiles] War.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: Stern, if this factory ever produces a shell that can actually be fired, I'll be very unhappy.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: How are you doing, Rabbi? Rabbi Menasha Lewartow: Good, Herr Direktor. Oskar Schindler: The sun is going down. Rabbi Menasha Lewartow: Yes it is. Oskar Schindler: What day is it? Friday? It is Friday, isn't it? Rabbi Menasha Lewartow: Is it? Oskar Schindler: What's the matter with you? You should be preparing for the Sabbath, shouldn't you. I've got some wine in my office. Come.

§Schindler's List ¤ [to Stern, upon closing the factory deal] Oskar Schindler: My father was fond of saying you need three things in life - a good doctor, a forgiving priest, and a clever accountant. The first two, I've never had much use for.

§Schindler's List ¤ Helen Hirsch: My first day here, he beat me because I threw out the bones from dinner. He came down at midnight and asked for them. And I asked him, I don't know how, I could never ask him now, I said, "Why are you beating me?" He said, "The reason I beat you now is because you ask why I beat you." Oskar Schindler: I am sorry for your troubles, Helen. Helen Hirsch: I have accepted them. Oskar Schindler: Accepted them? Helen Hirsch: One day, he will shoot me. Oskar Schindler: No, he won't shoot you. Helen Hirsch: He will. I see things. We were on the roof on Monday, young Lisiek and I and we saw the Herr Kommandant come out of the house on the patio right there below us and he drew his gun and shot a woman who was passing by. Just a woman with a bundle, just shot her through the throat. She was just a woman on her way somewhere, she was no faster or slower or fatter or thinner than anyone else and I couldn't guess what had she done. The more you see of the Herr Kommandant the more you see there are no set rules you can live by, you cannot say to yourself, "If I follow these rules, I will be safe." Oskar Schindler: He won't shoot you because he enjoys you too much. He enjoys you so much he won't even let you wear the star. He doesn't want anyone to know it's a Jew he's enjoying. He shot the woman from the steps because she meant nothing to him. She was just one of a series neither offending him or pleasing him.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: What are you doing? These are mine. These are my workers. They should be on my train. They're skilled munitions workers. They're essential. Essential girls! [shows the guard Danka Dresner's hand] Oskar Schindler: Their fingers polish the inside of shell metal casings. How else am I to polish the inside of a 45 millimeter shell casing? You tell me. You tell me! S.S. Guard: [to the girls he has been herding away from their parents] Back on the train!

§Schindler's List ¤ [Stern brings a report to Schindler at lunchtime] Oskar Schindler: I could try to read this or I could eat my lunch while it's still hot. We're doing well? Itzhak Stern: Yes. Oskar Schindler: Better this month than last? Itzhak Stern: Yes. Oskar Schindler: Any reason to think next month will be worse? Itzhak Stern: The war could end.

§Schindler's List ¤ Amon Goeth: You want these people? Oskar Schindler: These people. My people. I want my people. Amon Goeth: Who are you? Moses?

§Schindler's List ¤ Amon Goeth: Today is history. Today will be remembered. Years from now the young will ask with wonder about this day. Today is history and you are part of it. Six hundred years ago, when elsewhere they were footing the blame for the Black Death, Casimir the Great - so called - told the Jews they could come to Krakow. They came. They trundled their belongings into the city. They settled. They took hold. They prospered in business, science, education, the arts. They came with nothing. And they flourished. For six centuries there has been a Jewish Krakow. By this evening those six centuries will be a rumor. They never happened. Today is history.

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: By law I have to tell you, sir, I'm a Jew. Oskar Schindler: Well, I'm a German, so there we are.

§Schindler's List ¤ [Goeth admires Schindler's his suit] Amon Goeth: It has a nice sheen to it. What is it, silk? Oskar Schindler: Of course! I'd say I'd get you one but the man who made it's probably dead.

§Schindler's List ¤ Emilie Schindler: I will only stay if you promise me, no doorman or maitre d will ever mistake anyone but me for Mrs. Oscar Schindler. Emilie Schindler: [Next shot she is going away on a train] Good-bye! Oskar Schindler: Good-bye!

§Schindler's List ¤ Amon Goeth: This is very cruel, Oskar. You're giving them hope. You shouldn't do that. *That's* cruel!

§Schindler's List ¤ Wilhelm Kunde: [Goeth is being driven round the Ghetto in an open top car] This street divides the ghetto just about in half. On the right, Ghetto A, civil employees, industrial workers and so on. On the left, Ghetto B, surplus labor, the elderly and infirm, mostly, which is where you will want to start. Any questions? Amon Goeth: Ja. Why is the top down? I'm fucking freezing.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: Look, all you have to do is tell me what it's worth to you. What's a person worth to you? Amon Goeth: No, no, no, no. What's one worth to you!

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: [Schindler and Stern are writing the list] How many? Itzhak Stern: 400, 450. Oskar Schindler: More. More.

§Schindler's List ¤ Reiter: I'm a graduate of Civil Engineering from the University of Milan. Amon Goeth: Ah, an educated Jew... like Karl Marx himself. Unterscharführer! Hujar: Jawohl? Amon Goeth: Shoot her. Reiter: Herr Kommandant! I'm only trying to do my job! Amon Goeth: Ja, I'm doing mine.

§Schindler's List ¤ Amon Goeth: Oskar, there's a clerical error here at the bottom of the last page. Oskar Schindler: No, there's one more name I want to put there. I'll never find a maid as well trained as her at Brinnlitz. They are all country girls. Amon Goeth: [referring to Helen] No. No. Oskar Schindler: One hand of 21. If you win, I pay you 7400 Reichmarks. Hit a natural and I make it 14800. If I win, the girl goes on my list. Amon Goeth: I can't wager Helen in a card game. Oskar Schindler: Why not? Amon Goeth: Wouldn't be right. Oskar Schindler: She's going to Auschwitz on Number Two anyway. What difference does it make? Amon Goeth: She's not going to Auschwitz. I'd never do that to her. No, I want her to come back to Vienna with me. I want her to come to work for me there. I want to grow old with her. Oskar Schindler: Are you mad? Amon, you can't take her to Vienna with you. Amon Goeth: No, of course I can't. That's what I'd like to do. What I can do, if I'm any sort of a man, is the next most merciful thing. I should take her into the woods and shoot her painlessly in the back of the head. What was it you said for a natural 21? Was it 14800?

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: How many cigarettes have you smoked tonight? Oskar Schindler: Too many. Itzhak Stern: For every one you smoke, I smoke half.

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: I'm sorry, Herr Direktor, you're running very late. Here, this is for the Obersturmbahnführer and this is for his niece, it's her birthday, Greta. Greta as in Garbo. Oskar Schindler: By the way, don't *ever* do that to me again. Didn't you notice that man only had one arm? Itzhak Stern: Did he. Oskar Schindler: What's his use? [gets into his car] Itzhak Stern: Very useful. Oskar Schindler: [shouts from car window] How? Itzhak Stern: [shouts back] Very useful! Success!

§Schindler's List ¤ Amon Goeth: So... this is where you come to hide from me. I came to tell you... that you, um.. you really are a wonderful cook and a well-trained servant. I mean it. If you need a reference after the war, I'd be... be happy to give you one. It must get lonely down here when you're listening to everyone upstairs having such a good time. [pause] Amon Goeth: Does it? [pause] Amon Goeth: You can answer. [pause] Amon Goeth: "But what's the right answer?" That's what you're thinking. "What does he want to hear?" [pause] Amon Goeth: The truth, Helen, is always the right answer. [pause] Amon Goeth: Yes, you're right. Sometimes, we're both lonely. Yes. I... I mean... I would like so much to... reach out and... touch you in your loneliness. What would that be like, I wonder? I mean... What would be wrong with that? I realize that you're not... a person in the strictest sense of the word, but... No, maybe you're right about that, too, you know. Maybe what's... what's wrong isn't... it's not us. It's... no, it's this. I mean, when... when they compare you to... to, uh, vermin, to rodents, and to lice. I just, uh... No, you make a good point. You make a very good point. [touches her hair] Amon Goeth: Is this the face of a rat? Are these the eyes of a rat? Hath not a Jew eyes? [put his hands on her] Amon Goeth: I feel for you, Helen. [leans forward to kiss her] Amon Goeth: No, I don't think so. You're a Jewish bitch. You nearly talked me into it... didn't you? [proceeds to beat her]

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: I've been speaking to Goeth. Itzhak Stern: I know the destination. These are the evacuation orders, I'm to help arrange the shipments, put myself on the last train. Oskar Schindler: That's not what I was going to say. I made Goeth promise to put in a good word for you. Nothing bad is going to happen to you there, you'll receive special treatment. Itzhak Stern: The directives coming in from Berlin talk about "special treatment" more and more often. I'd like to think that's not what you mean. Oskar Schindler: Preferential treatment. All right? Do we have to create a new language? Itzhak Stern: I think so.

§Schindler's List ¤ Chaim Nowak: Not essential? I think you misunderstand the meaning of the word. I teach history and literature, since when it's not essential?

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: Let me understand. They put up all the money. I do all the work. What, if you don't mind my asking, would you do? Oskar Schindler: I'd make sure it's known the company's in business. I'd see that it had a certain panache. That's what I'm good at. Not the work, not the work... the presentation.

§Schindler's List ¤ Reiter: [about to be shot] It will take more than that. S.S. Guard: I'm sure you're right. [shoots her]

§Schindler's List ¤ SS Guard #1: [during the clearing of the Krakow Ghetto, two SS Guards stop and listen to a SS officer playing a piano in which a Jew was hiding] SS Guard #1: Was ist das? Ist das Bach? SS Guard #2: Nein. SS Guard #1: Ist das Bach? SS Guard #2: Nein. Mozart. SS Guard #1: Mozart? SS Guard #2: Ja.

§Schindler's List ¤ Displaced Jew: Last night I dreamt I was living in a room with ten people I didn't know, and I wake up to find I'm living in a room with ten people I don't know! [laughs] Displaced Jew 2: You laugh at this? Displaced Jew: I have to laugh!

§Schindler's List ¤ [Schindler deals with two uncooperative Nazi officers at the train station] SS Sgt. Kunder: Well, the list is correct, sir. There's nothing I can do about it. Oskar Schindler: What is your name? SS Sgt. Kunder: My name? My name is Kunder. Hauptsturmführer Kunder. Oskar Schindler: [writing in his notebook] K-u-n-d... SS Sgt. Kunder: [producing his own notebook] What's yours? Oskar Schindler: Schindler. S-c-h-i-n-d-l-e-r. Gentlemen, thank you very much. I think I can guarantee you, you'll both be in Southern Russia before the end of the month. Good day. [Schindler walks the length of the train, shouting for Stern] Oskar Schindler: Stern! Gestapo Clerk Klaus Tauber: [hurrying behind him] Stern! SS Sgt. Kunder: [hurrying behind them] Stern!

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: You'd leave a lady alone at a table in a place like this? [to Agnieska] Oskar Schindler: Sweetheart, you're the picture of loneliness.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: They won't soon forget the name "Oskar Schindler" around here. "Oskar Schindler," they'll say, "Everybody remembers him. He did something extraordinary. He did what no one else did. He came with nothing, a suitcase, and built a bankrupt company into a major manufactory. And left with a steamer trunk, two steamer trunks, of money. All the riches of the world."

§Schindler's List ¤ [the morning after Schindler leaves Brinnlitz, a Russian officer finds the workers] Russian officer: You have been liberated by the Soviet army! Itzhak Stern: Have you been in Poland? Russian officer: I just came from Poland. Itzhak Stern: Are there any Jews left? Michael Lemper: Where should we go? Russian officer: Don't go east, that's for sure. They hate you there. I wouldn't go west either, if I were you. Chaim Nowak: We could use some food. Russian officer: Isn't that a town over there?

§Schindler's List ¤ [it's a scorching hot day and the Jews are packed into the cattle cars] Oskar Schindler: What do you say we get your fire hoses out here and hose down the cars? Indulge me. Amon Goeth: Hujar. Albert Hujar: Yes sir? Amon Goeth: Bring the fire hoses. Albert Hujar: Where's the fire? [Schindler and Goeth laugh]

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: I kissed a Jewish girl. Prisoner: Did your prick fall off? [laughs]

§Schindler's List ¤ Mr. Lowenstein: I am an essential worker. First S.S. Guard: Essential worker! Mr. Lowenstein: Yes! I work for Oskar Schindler. First S.S. Guard: Essential worker for Oskar Schindler. Mr. Lowenstein: Yes! Second S.S. Guard: A one-armed Jew. Twice as useless.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: [Puts a a bag of diamonds down as a bribe] I'm not making any judgments about you. I just know that in the coming months, people are going to need more portable wealth. Rudolph Hoss: I could have you arrested. Oskar Schindler: I'm protected by powerful friends. You should know that. Rudolph Hoss: I do not say that I am accepting them. All I say is that I'm not comfortable with them on the table. [pockets diamonds]

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: Do you have any money hidden away someplace that I don't know about? Oskar Schindler: No. Why, am I broke? Itzhak Stern: Uh, well...

§Schindler's List ¤ Amon Goeth: [Touching his reflection in a mirror] I pardon you.

§Schindler's List ¤ [Oskar Schindler has been arrested for kissing a Jewish girl] Julian Scherner: We give you a Jewish girl at five marks a day, Oskar. You should kiss us, not them. God forbid you ever get a real taste for Jewish skirt, there's no future in it. They don't have a future. That's not just good old fashioned Jew hating talk. It's policy now.

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: Boxed teas are good - coffee, pâté... um, kielbasa sausage, cheeses, beluga caviar. And of course, who could live without German cigarettes? As many as you can find. Some more fresh fruit, the real rarities - oranges, lemons, pineapples. I'll need several boxes of Cuban cigars, the best. And dark unsweetened chocolate, not in the shape of lady fingers - the chunk chocolate, as big as my hand, you sample at wine tastings. I'm going to need lots of cognac, the best, Hennessy. Dom Pérignon champagne... Um, get L'Espadon sardines. And, oh - try to find nylon stockings.

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: What did Goeth say about this? You just told him how many people you needed, and... [suddenly realizing what Schindler is planning] Itzhak Stern: You're *not* buying them? [Schindler says nothing; Stern is stunned] Itzhak Stern: You're *buying* them? You're paying him for each of these names? Oskar Schindler: If you were still were still working for me, I'd expect you to talk me out of it. It's costing me a fortune.

§Schindler's List ¤ Amon Goeth: Scherner told me something else about you. Oskar Schindler: Yeah, what's that? Amon Goeth: That you know the meaning of the word 'gratitude.' That it's not some vague thing with you like it is with others. You want to stay where you are. You've got things going on the side, things are good. You don't want anybody telling you what to do. I can understand all that. You know, I know you... What you want is your own sub-camp. Do you have any idea what's involved? The paperwork alone? Forget you've got to build the fucking thing, getting the fucking permits is enough to drive you crazy. Then the engineers show up. They stand around, they argue about drainage, foundations, codes, exact specifications, parallel fences four kilometers long, six thousand kilograms of electrified fences... I'm telling you, you'll want to shoot somebody. I've been through it, you know, I know. Oskar Schindler: Well, you know, you've been through it. You could make things easier for me. I'd be grateful.

§Schindler's List ¤ [watching the incineration of Jews' bodies outside Krakow] Amon Goeth: Can you believe this? As if I don't have enough to do, they come up with this? I have to find every rag buried up here and burn it. The party's over, Oskar. They're closing us down, sending everybody to Auschwitz. Oskar Schindler: When? Amon Goeth: I don't know. As soon as I can arrange the shipments, maybe thirty, forty days. That ought to be fun.

§Schindler's List ¤ Itzhak Stern: The standard SS rate for skilled Jewish workers is seven marks a day, five for unskilled and women. This is what you pay to the Reich Economic Office. The Jews themselves receive nothing. Poles you pay wages. Generally, they get a little more. Are you listening? Oskar Schindler: What was that about the SS? The rate? The what? Itzhak Stern: The Jewish worker's salary - you pay it directly to the SS, not to the worker. He gets nothing. Oskar Schindler: But it's less. It's less than what I would pay to a Pole. Itzhak Stern: It's less. Oskar Schindler: That's the point I'm trying to make. Poles cost more. Why should I hire Poles?

§Schindler's List ¤ Oskar Schindler: War brings out the worst in people.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Aragorn: Hold your ground, hold your ground! Sons of Gondor, of Rohan, my brothers! I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of wolves and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! This day we fight! By all that you hold dear on this good Earth, I bid you *stand, Men of the West!*

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gimli: Never thought I'd die fighting side by side with an Elf. Legolas: What about side by side with a friend? Gimli: Aye. I could do that.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Sam: [Both are overcome by exhaustion] Do you remember the Shire, Mr. Frodo? It'll be spring soon. And the orchards will be in blossom. And the birds will be nesting in the hazel thicket. And they'll be sowing the summer barley in the lower fields... and eating the first of the strawberries with cream. Do you remember the taste of strawberries? Frodo: No, Sam. I can't recall the taste of food... nor the sound of water... nor the touch of grass. I'm... naked in the dark, with nothing, no veil... between me... and the wheel of fire! I can see him... with my waking eyes! Sam: Then let us be rid of it... once and for all! Come on, Mr. Frodo. I can't carry it for you... but I can carry you!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gandalf: I will not say "Do not weep", for not all tears are an evil.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Pippin: I didn't think it would end this way. Gandalf: End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path... One that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass... And then you see it. Pippin: What? Gandalf?... See what? Gandalf: White shores... and beyond, a far green country under a swift sunrise. Pippin: [smiling] Well, that isn't so bad. Gandalf: [softly] No... No it isn't.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Aragorn: [to Frodo, Sam, Pippin, and Merry] My friends. You bow to no one. [He kneels, and the entire kingdom follows suit, kneeling to the Hobbits]

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gimli: Certainty of death. Small chance of success. What are we waiting for?

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Galadriel: The power of the Three Rings is ended. The time has come... for the dominion of Men. Elrond: [in Elvish] The Sea calls us home. Bilbo: [smiling] I think I'm... quite ready for another adventure! [Bilbo climbs on board with Elrond. Galadriel follows with Celeborn] Gandalf: Farewell, my brave Hobbits. My work is now finished. Here at last, on the shores of the sea... comes the end of our Fellowship. I will not say do not weep, for not all tears are an evil. [Heads to the ship, then turns around, waiting] Gandalf: It is time, Frodo. Sam: What does he mean? Frodo: We set out to save the Shire, Sam. And it has been saved... But not for me. Sam: [weeping] You don't mean that. You can't leave. Frodo: [hands Sam the Red Book] The last pages are for you, Sam.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Witch King: [taking Eowyn by the throat] You fool. No man can kill me. Die now. [Merry stabs the Witch King from behind; the Witch King shrieks and falls to his knees. Eowyn rises and pulls off her helm, her hair falls down over her shoulder] Eowyn: I am no man. [she thrusts her sword into the Witch King's helm and twists; he shrieks and implodes]

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Sam: I can't carry it for you, but I can carry you.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Theoden: Eomer. Take your Èored down the left flank. Gamling, follow the King's banner down the center. Grimbold, take your company right, after you pass the wall. Forth, and fear no darkness! Arise! Arise, Riders of Theoden! Spears shall be shaken, shields shall be splintered! A sword day... a red day... ere the sun rises! Eowyn: [to Merry] Whatever happens, stay with me. I'll look after you. [the King rides past his men, hitting their spears with his sword as he goes] Theoden: Ride now!... Ride now!... Ride! Ride to ruin and the world's ending! [He stops and faces Sauron's army] Theoden: Death! Rohirrim: [echoing] Death! Theoden: Death! Rohirrim: [echoing] Death! Theoden: DEATH! Eowyn, Merry: Death! Theoden: Forth, Eorlingas!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ [after Legolas single-handedly takes out an Oliphant and its drivers] Gimli: That still only counts as one.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Frodo: [voiceover] And thus it was. A fourth age of middle-earth began. And the fellowship of the ring... though eternally bound by friendship and love... was ended. Thirteen months to the day since Gandalf sent us on our long journey... we found ourselves looking upon a familiar sight. We were home. How do you pick up the threads of an old life? How do you go on... when in your heart you begin to understand... there is no going back? There are some things that time cannot mend... some hurts that go too deep... that have taken hold. Bilbo once told me his part in this tale would end... that each of us must come and go in the telling. Bilbo's story was now over. There would be no more journeys for him... save one. My dear Sam. You cannot always be torn in two. You will have to be one and whole for many years. You have so much to enjoy and to be and to do. Your part in the story will go on.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gimli: Well, this is a thing unheard of. An Elf would go underground, where a Dwarf dare not. Oh, I'd never hear the end of it.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gandalf: Fool of a Took!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Denethor: Can you sing, Master Hobbit? Pippin: Well... yes. At least, well enough for my own people. But we have no songs for great halls and... evil times. Denethor: And why should your songs be unfit for my hall? Come, sing me a song. [pause] Pippin: [sings] Home is behind, the world ahead... And there are many paths to tread. Through shadow, to the edge of night, until the stars are all alight... Mist and shadow, cloud and shade, all shall fade... all... shall... fade...

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ [from extended version] Pippin: [to himself] What were you thinking, Peregrin Took? What service could a Hobbit offer such a great lord of men? Faramir: [approaching] It was well done. Generous deeds should not be checked by cold council. You are to join the tower guard? Pippin: I didn't think they would find any livery that would fit me. Faramir: It once belonged to a boy of the citadel. A very foolish one; who spent many hours slaying dragons instead of attending to his studies. Pippin: This was yours? Faramir: Yes, it was mine. My father had it made for me. Pippin: Well, I'm taller than you were then. Though I'm not likely to grow anymore... except sideways. [they laugh] Faramir: Never fitted me either. Boromir was always the soldier. They were so alike, he and my father. Proud... stubborn, even. But strong. Pippin: I think you have strength, of a different kind. And one day your father will see it.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Aragorn: For Frodo. [He charges out towards the remaining army of Morder alone. Merry and Pippin raise their swords and yell then charge. The rest of the soldiers do the same and soon overtake Merry and Pippin]

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Aragorn: Let the Lord of the Black Land come forth! Let justice be done upon him! The Mouth of Sauron: My master, Sauron the Great, bids thee welcome. Is there any in this rout with authority to treat with me? Gandalf: We do not come to treat with Sauron, faithless and accursed. Tell your master this: the armies of Mordor must disband. He is to depart these lands, never to return. The Mouth of Sauron: Ahh, old Greybeard. I have a token I was bidden to show thee. [Pulls out Frodo's mithril vest and throws it at them] Pippin: [whispers] Frodo... Gandalf: Silence. Merry: No! Gandalf: Silence! The Mouth of Sauron: The halfling was dear to thee, I see. Know that he suffered greatly at the hands of his host. Who would've thought one so small could endure so much pain? And he did, Gandalf, he did. [pause; Aragorn rides towards the Mouth of Sauron] The Mouth of Sauron: And who is this? Isildur's heir? It takes more to make a King that a broken Elvish blade... [Aragorn cuts off the Mouth of Sauron's head with one stroke of Anduril] Gimli: I guess that concludes negotiations. Aragorn: [to Gandalf] I do not believe it! I will not!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Aragorn: The Beacons of Minas Tirith! The Beacons are lit! Gondor calls for aid. Theoden: And Rohan will answer. Muster the Rohirrim. Assemble the army at Dunharrow. As many men as can be found. You have two days. On the third, we ride for Gondor... and war.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gandalf: He's suffered a defeat, yes, but... behind the walls of Mordor, our enemy is regrouping. Gimli: Let him stay there. *Let him rot!* Why should we care? Gandalf: Because ten-thousand Orcs now stand between Frodo and Mount Doom. I've sent him to his death. Aragorn: No. There is still hope for Frodo. He needs time... and safe passage across the plains of Gorgoroth. We can give him that. Gimli: How? Aragorn: Draw out Sauron's armies. Empty his lands. Then we gather our full strength and march on the Black Gate. Eomer: We cannot achieve victory through strength of arms. Aragorn: Not for ourselves. But we can give Frodo his chance if we keep Sauron's Eye fixed upon us. Keep him blind to all else that moves. Legolas: A diversion. Gimli: Certainty of death, *small* chance of success... What are we waiting for? Gandalf: Sauron will suspect a trap. He will not take the bait. Aragorn: [knowingly] No, I think he will.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Aragorn: I summon you to fulfill your oath. King of the Dead: None but the king of Gondor may command me. [Swings sword; Aragorn blocks him with the sword Anduril] King of the Dead: That blade was broken! [Aragorn takes him by the throat] Aragorn: It has been remade. [Aragorn releases the King of the Dead; pause] Aragorn: Fight for us... and regain your honor.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ [in a drinking game] Gimli: It's the Dwarves that go swimming with little, hairy woman. [he burps] Legolas: I feel something. A slight tingle in my fingers. I think it's affecting me. Gimli: What did I say? He can't hold his liquor. [Gimli passes out] Legolas: [to Eomer who is watching] Game over.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Frodo: [after destroying the Ring] I can see the Shire. The Brandywine River. Bag End. The Lights in the Party Tree. Sam: Rosie Cotton dancing. She had ribbons in her hair. If ever I were to marry someone, it would have been her. It would have been her. [sits down and begins to cry] Frodo: [leans over and hugs him] I'm glad to be with you, Samwise Gamgee, here at the end of all things.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Smeagol: Clever Hobbits, to climb so high! [jumps on them, pins Frodo to the ground and grips him by the throat] Smeagol: Mustn't go that way! Mustn't hurt the Precious! Frodo: You swore! You swore on the Precious! Smeagol: [mocking] Oo-hoo-hoo-hoo... Frodo: SMEAGOL PROMISED! Smeagol: Smeagol lied.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ [as he kills the three Orcs guarding Frodo] Sam: That's for Frodo! And for the Shire! *And that's for my old Gaffer!*

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Arwen: From the ashes, a fire shall be woken. A light from the shadow shall spring. Renewed shall be blade that was broken. The crownless again shall be king.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Pippin: I feel like I'm back at the Green Dragon. Merry: [through a mouthful of food] Mm. Green Dragon. Pippin: A mug of ale in my hand, putting my feet up on a settle after a hard day's work. Merry: Only, you've never done a hard day's work. [They laugh; Gandalf, Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli ride up. Merry stands and gives an exaggerated bow] Merry: Welcome, my lords, to Isengard! Gimli: You young rascals! A merry hunt you've led us on, and now we find you... feasting and... and *smoking.* Pippin: We are sitting on a field of victory enjoying a few well-earned comforts. [Merry blows a smoke ring] Pippin: The salted pork is particularly good. Gimli: [eagerly] Salted pork? Gandalf: [exasperated] Hobbits. Merry: We're under orders from Treebeard, who has taken over management of Isengard. Treebeard: [as they walk toward the tower] Hroom, young Master Gandalf! I'm relieved that you've come. Wood and water, stock and stone I can master, but there's a wizard to manage here. Locked his tower.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Sam: FRODO! Frodo: I'm here, Sam. Sam: Destroy it! [Frodo holds the ring on its chain over the edge of the pit] Sam: Go on! Now! Throw it in the fire! [Frodo stares at the ring, the ring whispers to him] Sam: What are you waiting for? Just let it go! [Frodo turns and looks at Sam] Frodo: The ring is mine. [He snaps the chain and approaches the ring to his finger] Sam: No... no... [Frodo slips the ring on and vanishes] Sam: NO!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Theoden: I know your face... Eowyn. My eyes darken. Eowyn: No. No. I'm going to save you. Theoden: You already did... Eowyn. My body is broken. You have to let me go. I go to my fathers, in whose mighty company I shall not now feel ashamed. Eowyn... [dies]

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Sam: [reading the book's title] There and Back Again: A Hobbit's Tale by Bilbo Baggins, and The Lord of the Rings by Frodo Baggins. You finished it. Frodo: Not quite. There's room for a little more.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Arwen: Tell me what you have seen. Elrond: Arwen? Arwen: You have the gift of foresight. What did you see? Elrond: I looked into your future and I saw death. Arwen: But there is also life. You *saw* there was a child, you saw my son! Elrond: That future is almost gone. Arwen: But it is not lost. Elrond: Nothing is certain. Arwen: Some things are certain. If I leave him now, I will regret it forever.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ King of the Dead: The dead do not suffer the living to pass. Aragorn: You will suffer me.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Eomer: You should not encourage him. Eowyn: You should not doubt him. Eomer: I do not doubt his heart, only the reach of his arm.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Eowyn: Ride with me. Merry: [smiles] My lady!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Pippin: Is there any hope, Gandalf, for Frodo and Sam? Gandalf: There never was much hope. Just a fool's hope.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Aragorn: I have wished you joy since first I saw you.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Eowyn: I will kill you if you touch him! Witch King: Do not come between the Nazgul and his prey.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ [extended version, the Houses of Healing] Eowyn: The city has fallen silent. There is no warmth left in the sun. Faramir: [approaching her] It is only the damp of the first spring rain. [Eowyn looks up at him] Faramir: I do not believe this darkness will endure.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Eomer: Now is the hour! Riders of Rohan! Oaths you have taken, now fulfill them all, to lord and land!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Merry: Are you going to leave me? Pippin: No, Merry. I'm going to look after you.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Legolas: The way is shut. It was made by those who are dead, and the dead keep it. The way is shut.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ [last lines] Sam: Well, I'm back.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Pippin: [singing to Denethor as Faramir leads the charge] Home is behind, the world ahead... and there are many paths to tread... Through shadow... To the edge of night... Until the stars are all alight... Mist and shadow, cloud and shade... All shall fade... all... shall... fade.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Sam: Give me your hand. Take my hand. Don't you let go. Don't let go... *Reach!*

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gandalf: [to Pippin] Now, listen carefully. Lord Denethor is Boromir's father. To give him news of his beloved son's death would be most unwise. And do not mention Frodo, or the Ring. And say nothing of Aragorn either. In fact, it's better if you don't speak at all, Peregrin Took.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Gamling: He leaves because there is no hope. Theoden: He leaves because he must. Gamling: Too few have come. We cannot defeat the armies of Mordor. Theoden: No. We cannot. But we will meet them in battle nonetheless.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Elrond: You're outnumbered, Aragorn. You need more men. Aragorn: There are none. Elrond: There are those who dwell in the mountain. Aragorn: Murderers. Traitors. You would call upon them to fight? They believe in nothing. They answer to no one. Elrond: They will answer to the king of Gondor. [pulls out Anduril] Elrond: Anduril, Flame of the West, forged from the shards of Narsil. Aragorn: Sauron will not have forgotten the sword of Elendil. The blade that was broken shall return to Minas Tirith. Elrond: The man who can wield the power of this sword can summon to him an army more deadly than any that walks this earth. Put aside the Ranger. Become who you were born to be. Take the Dimholt Road. Elrond: [pause; in Elvish] I give hope to men. Aragorn: [in Elvish] I keep none for myself.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ King of the Dead: Release us. Gimli: Bad idea. Very handy in a tight spot, these lads, despite the fact they're dead.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King ¤ Saruman: You have fought many wars and slain many men, Theoden King, and made peace afterwards. Can we not take council as we once did, my old friend? Can we not have peace? Theoden: We shall have peace... We shall have peace, when you answer for the burning of the Westfold, and the children that lie dead there! We shall have peace, when the lives of the soldiers whose bodies were hewn even as they died against the gates of the Hornberg, are avenged! When you hang from a gibbit for the sport of your own crows...! We shall have peace. Saruman: Gibbits and crows! DOTARD! What do *you* want, Gandalf Greyhame? Let me guess. The key of Orthanc? Or perhaps the keys of Barad-Dur itself? Along with the crowns of the seven kings and the rods of the five wizards?

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Mia: Don't you hate that? Vincent: What? Mia: Uncomfortable silences. Why do we feel it's necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable? Vincent: I don't know. That's a good question. Mia: That's when you know you've found somebody special. When you can just shut the fuck up for a minute and comfortably enjoy the silence.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Brett: H-H-He's black... Jules: Go on! Brett: He's bald...! Jules: Does he look like a bitch? Brett: What? Jules: [shoots Brett in the shoulder] DOES HE... LOOK... LIKE A BITCH? Brett: No! Jules: Then why you tryin' to fuck him like a bitch, Brett? Brett: I didn't...! Jules: Yes, you did. Yes, you did, Brett! You tried to fuck him. Brett: [gasping] No, no... Jules: But Marcellus Wallace don't like to be fucked by anybody except Mrs. Wallace.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Fabienne: Whose motorcycle is this? Butch: It's a chopper, baby. Fabienne: Whose chopper is this? Butch: It's Zed's. Fabienne: Who's Zed? Butch: Zed's dead, baby. Zed's dead.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: You, flock of seagulls, you know why we're here? Why don't you tell my man Vincent where you got the shit hid at? Marvin: It's over th... Jules: I don't remember askin' you a Goddamn thing! You were saying? Roger: It's in the cupboard. [Vincent starts looking in the upper cupboard] Roger: No, no, the one by your kn-knees. Jules: We happy? [Vincent continues staring at the briefcase's contents] Jules: Vincent! We happy? Vincent: Yeah, we happy. Brett: I'm sorry, I didn't get your name. I got yours, Vincent, right? But I didn't get yours... Jules: My name's Pitt. And your ass ain't talkin' your way out of this shit. Brett: No, no, I just want you to know... I just want you to know how sorry we are that things got so fucked up with us and Mr. Wallace. We got into this thing with the best intentions and I never... Jules: [Jules shoots the man on the couch] I'm sorry, did I break your concentration? I didn't mean to do that. Please, continue, you were saying something about best intentions. What's the matter? Oh, you were finished! Well, allow me to retort. What does Marsellus Wallace look like? Brett: What? Jules: What country are you from? Brett: What? What? Wh - ? Jules: "What" ain't no country I've ever heard of. They speak English in What? Brett: What? Jules: English, motherfucker, do you speak it? Brett: Yes! Yes! Jules: Then you know what I'm sayin'! Brett: Yes! Jules: Describe what Marsellus Wallace looks like! Brett: What? Jules: Say 'what' again. Say 'what' again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker, say what one more Goddamn time!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Vincent: And you know what they call a... a... a Quarter Pounder with Cheese in Paris? Jules: They don't call it a Quarter Pounder with cheese? Vincent: No man, they got the metric system. They wouldn't know what the fuck a Quarter Pounder is. Jules: Then what do they call it? Vincent: They call it a Royale with cheese. Jules: A Royale with cheese. What do they call a Big Mac? Vincent: Well, a Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call it le Big-Mac. Jules: Le Big-Mac. Ha ha ha ha. What do they call a Whopper? Vincent: I dunno, I didn't go into Burger King.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Honey Bunny: [about to rob a diner] I love you, Pumpkin. Pumpkin: I love you, Honey Bunny. Pumpkin: [Standing up with a gun] All right, everybody be cool, this is a robbery! Honey Bunny: Any of you fucking pricks move, and I'll execute every motherfucking last one of ya!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jimmie: I can't believe this is the same car. The Wolf: Well, let's not start sucking each other's dicks quite yet.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Esmeralda: What is your name? Butch: Butch. Esmeralda: What does it mean? Butch: I'm American, honey. Our names don't mean shit.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: [Vincent and Jules are cleaning the inside of the car which is covered in blood] Oh, man, I will never forgive your ass for this shit. This is some fucked-up repugnant shit. Vincent: Jules, did you ever hear the philosophy that once a man admits that he's wrong that he is immediately forgiven for all wrongdoings? Have you ever heard that? Jules: Get the fuck out my face with that shit! The motherfucker that said that shit never had to pick up itty-bitty pieces of skull on account of your dumb ass. Vincent: I got a threshold, Jules. I got a threshold for the abuse that I will take. Now, right now, I'm a fuckin' race car, right, and you got me the red. And I'm just sayin', I'm just sayin' that it's fuckin' dangerous to have a race car in the fuckin' red. That's all. I could blow. Jules: Oh! Oh! You ready to blow? Vincent: Yeah, I'm ready to blow. Jules: Well, I'm a mushroom-cloud-layin' motherfucker, motherfucker! Every time my fingers touch brain, I'm Superfly T.N.T., I'm the Guns of the Navarone! IN FACT, WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOIN' IN THE BACK? YOU'RE THE MOTHERFUCKER WHO SHOULD BE ON BRAIN DETAIL! We're fuckin' switchin'! I'm washin' the windows, and you're pickin' up this nigger's skull!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ [after Butch saves Marsellus from rapists] Butch: You okay? Marsellus: Naw man. I'm pretty fuckin' far from okay. Butch: What now? Marsellus: What now? Let me tell you what now. I'ma call a coupla hard, pipe-hittin' niggers, who'll go to work on the homes here with a pair of pliers and a blow torch. You hear me talkin', hillbilly boy? I ain't through with you by a damn sight. I'ma get medieval on your ass. Butch: I meant what now between me and you? Marsellus: Oh, that what now. I tell you what now between me and you. There is no me and you. Not no more.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: I want you to go in that bag, and find my wallet. Pumpkin: Which one is it? Jules: It's the one that says Bad Motherfucker.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: I'm not giving you that money. I'm buying something from you. Wanna know what I'm buyin' Ringo? Pumpkin: What? Jules: Your life. I'm givin' you that money so I don't have to kill your ass. You read the Bible? Pumpkin: Not regularly. Jules: There's a passage I got memorized. Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy My brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay My vengeance upon you." Now... I been sayin' that shit for years. And if you ever heard it, that meant your ass. You'd be dead right now. I never gave much thought to what it meant. I just thought it was a cold-blooded thing to say to a motherfucker before I popped a cap in his ass. But I saw some shit this mornin' made me think twice. See, now I'm thinking: maybe it means you're the evil man. And I'm the righteous man. And Mr. 9mm here... he's the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness. Or it could mean you're the righteous man and I'm the shepherd and it's the world that's evil and selfish. And I'd like that. But that shit ain't the truth. The truth is you're the weak. And I'm the tyranny of evil men. But I'm tryin', Ringo. I'm tryin' real hard to be the shepherd.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: If my answers frighten you then you should cease asking scary questions.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Vincent: Want some bacon? Jules: No man, I don't eat pork. Vincent: Are you Jewish? Jules: Nah, I ain't Jewish, I just don't dig on swine, that's all. Vincent: Why not? Jules: Pigs are filthy animals. I don't eat filthy animals. Vincent: Bacon tastes gooood. Pork chops taste gooood. Jules: Hey, sewer rat may taste like pumpkin pie, but I'd never know 'cause I wouldn't eat the filthy motherfucker. Pigs sleep and root in shit. That's a filthy animal. I ain't eat nothin' that ain't got sense enough to disregard its own feces. Vincent: How about a dog? Dogs eats its own feces. Jules: I don't eat dog either. Vincent: Yeah, but do you consider a dog to be a filthy animal? Jules: I wouldn't go so far as to call a dog filthy but they're definitely dirty. But, a dog's got personality. Personality goes a long way. Vincent: Ah, so by that rationale, if a pig had a better personality, he would cease to be a filthy animal. Is that true? Jules: Well we'd have to be talkin' about one charming motherfuckin' pig. I mean he'd have to be ten times more charmin' than that Arnold on Green Acres, you know what I'm sayin'?

§Pulp Fiction ¤ The Wolf: Jimmie, lead the way. Boys, get to work. Vincent: A please would be nice. The Wolf: Come again? Vincent: I said a please would be nice. The Wolf: Get it straight buster - I'm not here to say please, I'm here to tell you what to do and if self-preservation is an instinct you possess you'd better fucking do it and do it quick. I'm here to help - if my help's not appreciated then lotsa luck, gentlemen. Jules: No, Mr. Wolf, it ain't like that, your help is definitely appreciated. Vincent: I don't mean any disrespect, I just don't like people barking orders at me. The Wolf: If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please... with sugar on top. Clean the fucking car.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Mia: Vincent, do you still want to hear my Fox Force Five joke? Vincent: Sure, but I think I'm still a little too petrified to laugh. Mia: No, you wont laugh, 'cus it's not funny. But if you still wanna hear it, I'll tell it. Vincent: I can't wait. Mia: Three tomatoes are walking down the street- a poppa tomato, a momma tomato, and a little baby tomato. Baby tomato starts lagging behind. Poppa tomato gets angry, goes over to the baby tomato, and smooshes him... and says, Catch up.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Vincent: Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go home and have a heart attack.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Captain Koons: The way your dad looked at it, this watch was your birthright. He'd be damned if any slopes gonna put their greasy yellow hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it, in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. Then when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. I hid this uncomfortable piece of metal up my ass for two years. Then, after seven years, I was sent home to my family. And now, little man, I give the watch to you.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ [Jules and Vincent take Marvin with them in their car and Vincent's gun goes off and blows Marvin's head off] Vincent: Whoa! Jules: What the fuck's happening, man? Ah, shit man! Vincent: Oh man, I shot Marvin in the face. Jules: Why the fuck did you do that! Vincent: Well, I didn't mean to do it, it was an accident! Jules: Oh man I've seen some crazy ass shit in my time... Vincent: Chill out, man. I told you it was an accident. You probably went over a bump or something. Jules: Hey, the car didn't hit no motherfucking bump! Vincent: Hey, look man, I didn't mean to shoot the son of a bitch. The gun went off. I don't know why. Jules: Well look at this fucking mess, man. We're on a city street in broad daylight here! Vincent: I don't believe it. Jules: Well believe it now, motherfucker! We gotta get this car off the road! You know cops tend to notice shit like you're driving a car drenched in fucking blood. Vincent: Just take it to a friendly place, that's all. Jules: This is the Valley, Vincent. Marsellus ain't got no friendly places in the Valley. Vincent: Well Jules, this ain't my fucking town, man! Jules: Shit! [Jules dials a number on his cell phone] Vincent: What you doin'? Jules: I'm calling Jimmie, my old partner. He lives in Toluca Lake. Vincent: Where's Toluca Lake? Jules: It's just over the hill here over by Burbank Studios. If Jimmie's ass ain't home, I don't know what the fuck we're going to do, man. 'Cause I ain't got no other partners in 8-1-8. [into the phone] Jules: Hey Jimmie, yo! How you doin', man? It's Jules. Listen up man. Me and my homeboy are in serious fucking shit. We're in a car and we gotta get off the road, pronto. I need to use your garage for a couple of hours.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Marsellus: I'm prepared to scour the the Earth for that motherfucker. If Butch goes to Indochina, I want a nigger hiding in a bowl of rice ready to pop a cap in his ass.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ [cleaning their bloody hands] Jules: Fuck, nigga, what the fuck did you do to his towel? Vincent: I was dryin' my hands. Jules: You're supposed to wash 'em first! Vincent: You watched me wash 'em. Jules: I watched you get 'em wet. Vincent: I was washing 'em. But this shit's hard to get off. Maybe if I had Lava or something, I coulda done a better job. Jules: I used the same fuckin' soap you did and when I got finished, the towel didn't look like no goddamn Maxi-Pad!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ [Marsellus is telling Butch to take a dive] Marsellus: The night of the fight, you may feel a slight sting. That's pride fucking with you. Fuck pride. Pride only hurts, it never helps.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Bitch, be cool!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Lance: Hey, whattya think about Trudi? She ain't got a boyfriend. You wanna hang out, get high? Vincent: Which one's Trudi? The one with all the shit in her face? Lance: No, that's Jody. That's my wife.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ The Wolf: You see that, young lady? Respect. Respect for one's elders gives character. Raquel: I have character. The Wolf: Just because you are a character doesn't mean that you have character.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: I don't wanna hear about no motherfuckin' ifs. All I wanna hear from your ass is, You ain't got no problem, Jules. I'm on the motherfucker. Go back in there, chill them niggers out and wait for the cavalry which should be coming directly. Marsellus: You ain't got no problem, Jules. I'm on the motherfucker. Go back in there, chill them niggers out and wait for the Wolf who should be coming directly.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... stop right there. Eatin' a bitch out, and givin' a bitch a foot massage ain't even the same fuckin' thing. Vincent: It's not. It's the same ballpark. Jules: Ain't no fuckin' ballpark neither. Now look, maybe your method of massage differs from mine, but, you know, touchin' his wife's feet, and stickin' your tongue in her Holiest of Holies, ain't the same fuckin' ballpark, it ain't the same league, it ain't even the same fuckin' sport. Look, foot massages don't mean shit. Vincent: Have you ever given a foot massage? Jules: [scoffs] Don't be tellin' me about foot massages. I'm the foot fuckin' master. Vincent: Given a lot of 'em? Jules: Shit yeah. I got my technique down and everything, I don't be ticklin' or nothin'. Vincent: Would you give a guy a foot massage? [Jules gives Vincent a long look, realizing he's been set up] Jules: Fuck you. Vincent: You give them a lot? Jules: Fuck you. Vincent: You know, I'm getting kinda tired. I could use a foot massage myself. Jules: Man, you best back off, I'm gittin' a little pissed here.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ [Jules, Vincent and Jimmie are drinking coffee in Jimmie's kitchen] Jules: Mmmm! Goddamn, Jimmie! This is some serious gourmet shit! Usually, me and Vince would be happy with some freeze-dried Taster's Choice right, but he springs this serious GOURMET shit on us! What flavor is this? Jimmie: Knock it off, Julie. Jules: [pause] What? Jimmie: I don't need you to tell me how fucking good my coffee is, okay? I'm the one who buys it. I know how good it is. When Bonnie goes shopping she buys SHIT. I buy the gourmet expensive stuff because when I drink it I want to taste it. But you know what's on my mind right now? It AIN'T the coffee in my kitchen, it's the dead nigger in my garage. Jules: Oh, Jimmie, don't even worry about that... Jimmie: [interupting] No, No, No, No, let me ask you a question. When you came pulling in here, did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said "Dead Nigger Storage"? Jules: Jimmie, you know I ain't seen no... Jimmie: [cutting him off again; getting angry] Did you notice a sign out in front of my house that said "Dead Nigger Storage"? Jules: [pause] No. I didn't. Jimmie: You know WHY you didn't see that sign? Jules: Why? Jimmie: 'Cause it ain't there, 'cause storing dead niggers ain't my fucking business, that's why!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Mia: I do believe Marsellus Wallace, my husband, your boss, told you to take ME out and do WHATEVER I WANTED. Now I wanna dance, I wanna win. I want that trophy, so dance good.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: We should have shotguns for this kind of deal. Vincent: How many up there? Jules: Three or four. Vincent: That's countin' our guy? Jules: Not sure. Vincent: So that means there could be up to five guys up there? Jules: It's possible. Vincent: We should have fuckin' shotguns.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Lance: You're going to give her an injection of adrenaline directly to her heart. But she's got, uh, breastplate... [taps Mia's chest] Lance: So you gotta pierce through that. So what you have to do is, you have to bring the needle down in a stabbing motion. [demonstrates] Vincent: I-I gotta stab her three times? Lance: No, you don't gotta fucking stab her three times! You gotta stab her once, but it's gotta be hard enough to break through her breastplate into her heart, and then once you do that, you press down on the plunger. Vincent: What happens after that? Lance: I'm kinda curious about that myself...

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Shit Negro! That's all you had to say!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Now Yolanda, we're not gonna do anything stupid, are we? Yolanda: You don't hurt him. Jules: Nobody's gonna hurt anybody. We're gonna be like three little Fonzies here. And what's Fonzie like? Come on Yolanda what's Fonzie like? Yolanda: Cool? Jules: What? Yolanda: He's cool. Jules: Correctamundo. And that's what we're gonna be. We're gonna be cool. Now Ringo, I'm gonna count to three, and when I count three, you let go of your gun, and sit your ass down. But when you do it, you do it cool. Ready? One... two... three. [Ringo sits down opposite Jules] Yolanda: All right, now you let him go. Jules: Yolanda, I thought you said you were gonna be cool. Now when you yell at me, it makes me nervous. And when I get nervous, I get scared. And when motherfuckers get scared, that's when motherfuckers accidentally get shot. Yolanda: You just know, you touch him, you die. Jules: Well, that seems to be the situation. But I don't want that. And you don't want that. And Ringo here *definitely* doesn't want that.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ The Wolf: That's thirty minutes away. I'll be there in ten.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Hey kids! How you boys doin'? [to man laying on the couch] Jules: Hey, keep chillin'. You know who we are? We're associates of your business partner Marsellus Wallace. You do remember your business partner don't you? Let me take a wild guess here. You're Brett, right? Brett: Yeah. Jules: I thought so. You remember your business partner Marsellus Wallace, don't you, Brett? Brett: Yeah, yeah, I remember him. Jules: Good. Looks like me an Vincent caught you boys at breakfast. Sorry about that. Whatcha havin'? Brett: Hamburgers. Jules: Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast. What kind of hamburgers? Brett: Ch-cheeseburgers. Jules: No, no no, where'd you get 'em? McDonalds? Wendy's? Jack in the Box? Where? Brett: Big Kahuna Burger. Jules: Big Kahuna Burger. That's that Hawaiian burger joint. I hear they got some tasty burgers. I ain't never had one myself. How are they? Brett: They're good. Jules: Mind if I try one of yours? This is yours here, right? [Picks up burger and takes a bite] Jules: Mmm-mmmm. That is a tasty burger. Vincent, ever have a Big Kahuna Burger? [Vincent shakes his head] Jules: Wanna bite? They're real tasty. Vincent: Ain't hungry. Jules: Well, if you like burgers give 'em a try sometime. I can't usually get 'em myself because my girlfriend's a vegitarian which pretty much makes me a vegitarian. But I do love the taste of a good burger. Mm-mm-mm. You know what they call a Quarter Pounder with cheese in France? Brett: No. Jules: Tell 'em, Vincent. Vincent: A Royale with cheese. Jules: A Royale with cheese! You know why they call it that? Brett: Because of the metric system? Jules: Check out the big brain on Brett! You're a smart motherfucker. That's right. The metric system. What's in this? Brett: Sprite. Jules: Sprite, good. You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down? Brett: Go right ahead. Jules: Ah, hit the spot.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: This was Divine Intervention! You know what "divine intervention" is? Vincent: Yeah, I think so. That means God came down from Heaven and stopped the bullets. Jules: Yeah, man, that's what it means. That's exactly what it means! God came down from Heaven and stopped the bullets. Vincent: I think we should be going now. Jules: Don't do that! Don't you fucking do that! Don't blow this shit off! What just happened was a fucking miracle! Vincent: Chill the fuck out, Jules, this shit happens. Jules: Wrong! Wrong, this shit doesn't just happen. Vincent: Do you wanna continue this theological discussion in the car, or at the jailhouse with the cops? Jules: We should be fuckin' dead now, my friend! We just witnessed a miracle, and I want you to fucking acknowledge it! Vincent: Okay man, it was a miracle, can we leave now?

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: I hate to shatter your ego, but this is not the first time I've had a gun pointed at me. Pumpkin: You don't take your fucking hand off that case, it'll be your last.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: [talking about Mia, Marsellus Wallace's wife] I think her biggest deal was she starred in a pilot. Vincent: Pilot? What's a pilot? Jules: Well, you know the shows on TV? Vincent: I don't watch TV. Jules: Yeah, but, you are aware that there's an invention called television, and on this invention they show shows, right? Vincent: Yeah. Jules: Well, the way they pick TV shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that one show to the people who pick shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they want to make more shows. Some get chosen and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Vincent: You know what they put on French fries in Holland instead of ketchup? Jules: What? Vincent: Mayonnaise. Jules: Goddamn. Vincent: I've seen 'em do it, man. They fuckin' drown 'em in that shit.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Fabienne: I was looking at myself in the mirror. Butch: Uh-huh? Fabienne: I wish I had a pot. Butch: You were lookin' in the mirror and you wish you had some pot? Fabienne: A pot. A pot belly. Pot bellies are sexy. Butch: Well you should be happy, 'cause you do. Fabienne: Shut up, Fatso! I don't have a pot! I have a bit of a tummy, like Madonna when she did "Lucky Star," it's not the same thing. Butch: I didn't realize there was a difference between a tummy and a pot belly. Fabienne: The difference is huge. Butch: You want me to have a pot? Fabienne: No. Pot bellies make a man look either oafish, or like a gorilla. But on a woman, a pot belly is very sexy. The rest of you is normal. Normal face, normal legs, normal hips, normal ass, but with a big, perfectly round pot belly. If I had one, I'd wear a tee-shirt two sizes too small to accentuate it. Butch: You think guys would find that attractive? Fabienne: I don't give a damn what men find attractive. It's unfortunate what we find pleasing to the touch and pleasing to the eye is seldom the same.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Yolanda? How we doin, baby? Yolanda: I gotta go pee! I want to go home. Jules: Just hang in there, baby. You're doing' great. Ringo's proud of you and so am I. It's almost over. Tell her you're proud of her. Pumpkin: I'm proud of you, Honey Bunny. Yolanda: I love you! Pumpkin: I love you too, Honey Bunny.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Butch: So we cool? Marsellus: Yeah, we cool. Two things. Don't tell nobody about this. This shit is between me, you, and Mr. Soon-To-Be-Living-The-Rest-of-His-Short-Ass-Life-In-Agonizing-Pain Rapist here. It ain't nobody else's business. Two: you leave town tonight, right now. And when you're gone, you stay gone, or you be gone. You lost all your L.A. privileges. Deal? Butch: Deal. Marsellus: Get your ass out of here.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Lance: [answering the phone] Hello. Vincent: Lance! It's Vincent. I'm in big fuckin' trouble, man. I'm coming to your house. Lance: Whoa. Whoa. Hold your horses, man. What's the problem? Vincent: I've got this chick, she fuckin' O.D.in' on me! Lance: Well, don't bring her here! I'm not even fuckin' joking with you, man! Do not be bringing some fucked-up pooh-bah to my house! Vincent: No choice. Lance: She's O.D.in'? Vincent: She's fuckin' dyin' on me, man! Lance: Okay, then you bite the fuckin' bullet, take her to a hospital and call a lawyer. Vincent: Negative. Lance: This is not my fuckin' problem, man! You fucked her up, you fuckin' deal with this!

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: You read the Bible, Brett? Brett: Yes. Jules: Well, there's this passage I got memorized, sorta fits the occasion. Ezekiel 25:17. "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who in the name of charity and good will shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee." [Jules and Vincent shoot and kill Brett]

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Look, just because I don't be givin' no man a foot massage don't make it right for Marsellus to throw Antwone into a glass motherfuckin' house, fuckin' up the way the nigger talks. Motherfucker do that shit to me, he better paralyze my ass, 'cause I'll kill the motherfucker, know what I'm sayin'? Vincent: I ain't saying it's right. But you're saying a foot massage don't mean nothing, and I'm saying it does. Now look, I've given a million ladies a million foot massages, and they all meant something. We act like they don't, but they do, and that's what's so fucking cool about them. There's a sensuous thing going on where you don't talk about it, but you know it, she knows it, fucking Marsellus knew it, and Antwone should have fucking better known better. I mean, that's his fucking wife, man. He can't be expected to have a sense of humor about that shit. You know what I'm saying? Jules: That's an interesting point. Come on, let's get into character.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Maynard: Nobody kills anyone in my store except me and Zed. [doorbell rings] Maynard: That's Zed.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Lance: If you're all right, then say something. Mia: Something.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ [Butch comes up beside Vincent at the bar] Butch: You lookin at something, friend? Vincent: You ain't my friend, Palooka. Butch: What's that? Vincent: I think you heard me just fine, Punchy.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: You remember Antoine Roccamora, half black, half Samoan, used to call him Tony Rocky Horror? Vincent: Yeah, maybe. Fat, right? Jules: I wouldn't go so far as to call the brother fat, I mean he got a weight problem. What's the nigger gonna do? He's Samoan.

§Pulp Fiction ¤ Jules: Look, do you wanna play blindman? Go walk with the shepherd. But me, my eyes are wide fucking open. Vincent: What the fuck does that mean? Jules: It means, that's it for me. From here on in you can consider my ass retired. Vincent: Jesus Christ. Jules: Don't blaspheme. Vincent: Goddamn. Jules: I said don't do that!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Frodo: I wish the ring had never come to me. I wish none of this had happened. Gandalf: So do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us. There are other forces at work in this world Frodo, besides the will of evil. Bilbo was meant to find the Ring. In which case, you were also meant to have it. And that is an encouraging thought.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [Gandalf is standing on the bridge, in front of the Balrog] Gandalf: You cannot pass! I am a servant of the Secret Fire, wielder of the Flame of Anor. The dark fire will not avail you, Flame of Udun! Go back to the shadow. You shall not pass!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Aragorn: I do not know what strength is in my blood, but I swear to you I will not let the White City fall, nor our people fail. Boromir: Our people, our people. I would have followed you, my brother... my captain... my king. Aragorn: Be at peace, Son of Gondor.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Aragorn: Gentlemen, we do not stop 'til nightfall. Pippin: What about breakfast? Aragorn: You've already had it. Pippin: We've had one, yes. What about second breakfast? [Aragorn turns and walks away] Merry: I don't think he knows about second breakfast, Pip. Pippin: What about elevenses? Luncheon? Afternoon tea? Dinner? Supper? He knows about them, doesn't he? Merry: I wouldn't count on it.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Sam: I made a promise, Mr Frodo. A promise. "Don't you leave him Samwise Gamgee." And I don't mean to. I don't mean to.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Frodo: [of Gollum] It's a pity Bilbo didn't kill him when he had the chance. Gandalf: Pity? It was pity that stayed Bilbo's hand. Many that live deserve death. Some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them, Frodo? Do not be too eager to deal out death in judgment. Even the very wise cannot see all ends. My heart tells me that Gollum has some part to play yet, for good or ill before this is over. The pity of Bilbo may rule the fate of many.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Frodo: You're late. Gandalf: A wizard is never late, Frodo Baggins. Nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Bilbo: [to his party guests] I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Galadriel: [from prologue] It all began with the forging of the Great Rings. Three were given to the Elves; immortal, wisest and fairest of all beings. Seven, to the Dwarf Lords, great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. And nine, nine rings were gifted to the race of Men, who above all else desire power. For within these rings was bound the strength and the will to govern over each race. But they were all of them deceived, for another ring was made. In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom, the Dark Lord Sauron forged in secret, a master ring, to control all others. And into this ring he poured all his cruelty, his malice and his will to dominate all life. One ring to rule them all. One by one, the free peoples of Middle Earth fell to the power of the Ring. But there were some who resisted. A last alliance of men and elves marched against the armies of Mordor, and on the very slopes of Mount Doom, they fought for the freedom of Middle-Earth. Victory was near, but the power of the ring could not be undone. It was in this moment, when all hope had faded, that Isildur, son of the king, took up his father's sword. And Sauron, enemy of the free peoples of Middle-Earth, was defeated. The Ring passed to Isildur, who had this one chance to destroy evil forever, but the hearts of men are easily corrupted. And the ring of power has a will of its own. It betrayed Isildur, to his death. And some things that should not have been forgotten were lost. History became legend. Legend became myth. And for two and a half thousand years, the ring passed out of all knowledge. Until, when chance came, the ring ensnared a new bearer. The ring came to the creature Gollum, who took it deep into the tunnels under the Misty Mountains, and there it consumed him. The ring gave to Gollum unnatural long life. For five hundred years it poisoned his mind; and in the gloom of Gollum's cave, it waited. Darkness crept back into the forests of the world. Rumor grew of a shadow in the East, whispers of a nameless fear, and the Ring of Power perceived. Its time had now come. It abandoned Gollum. But then something happened that the Ring did not intend. It was picked up by the most unlikely creature imaginable. A Hobbit, Bilbo Baggins, of the Shire. For the time will soon come when Hobbits will shape the fortunes of all...

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Boromir: One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its Black Gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep, and the Great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire and ash and dust, the very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten thousand men could you do this. It is folly.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Frodo: Go back, Sam. I'm going to Mordor alone. Sam: Of course you are. And I'm coming with you.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Sam: This is it. Frodo: This is what? Sam: If I take one more step, it'll be the farthest away from home I've ever been. Frodo: Come on, Sam. Remember what Bilbo used to say: "It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to."

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Arwen: Do you remember when we first met? Aragorn: I thought I had wandered into a dream. Arwen: Long years have passed. You did not have the cares you carry now. Do you remember what I told you? Aragorn: You said you'd bind yourself to me, forsaking the immortal life of your people. Arwen: And to that I hold. I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone. [hands him her pendant] Arwen: I choose a mortal life. Aragorn: You cannot give me this. Arwen: It is mine to give to whom I will. Like my heart.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [first lines] Galadriel: The world is changed. I feel it in the water. I feel it in the earth. I smell it in the air. Much that once was is lost, for none now live who remember it. It began with the forging of the Great Rings. Three were given to the Elves, immortal, wisest and fairest of all beings. Seven to the Dwarf lords, great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. And nine, nine rings were gifted to the race of Men, who, above all else, desire power. But they were, all of them, deceived, for another ring was made. In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom, the Dark Lord Sauron forged in secret a Master Ring, to control all others. And into this ring he poured his cruelty, his malice and his will to dominate all life. One Ring to rule them all!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [Aragorn tosses Sam over a gap, and then sets his eyes on Gimli] Gimli: Nobody tosses a Dwarf. [Gimli leaps, but is balancing off the edge, so Legolas grabs his beard] Gimli: Not the beard!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Legolas: Lembas! [nibbles a corner] Legolas: One small bite is enough to fill the stomach of a grown man! Merry: [to Pippin] How many did you eat? Pippin: Four. [burps]

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Aragorn: Are you frightened? Frodo: Yes. Aragorn: Not nearly frightened enough. I know what hunts you.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gandalf: [to Frodo] Keep it secret. Keep it safe.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Aragorn: [to Frodo] If by my life or death I can protect you, I will. You have my sword... Legolas: And you have my bow. Gimli: And *my* axe. Boromir: You carry the fate of us all, little one. If this is indeed the will of the Council, then Gondor will see it done.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gandalf: Fly, you fools!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Elrond: His strength returns. Gandalf: That wound will never fully heal. He will carry it the rest of his life. Elrond: And yet, to have come so far, still bearing the Ring, the Hobbit has shown extraordinary resilience to its evil. Gandalf: It is a burden he should never have had to bear. We can ask no more of Frodo. Elrond: Gandalf, the enemy is moving. Sauron's forces are massing in the East; his eye is fixed on Rivendell. And Saruman, you tell me, has betrayed us. Our list of allies grows thin. Gandalf: His treachery runs deeper than you know. By foul craft, Saruman has crossed Orcs with goblin men. He's breeding an army in the caverns of Isengard. An army that can move in sunlight and cover great distance at speed. Saruman is coming for the Ring. Elrond: This evil cannot be concealed by the power of the Elves. We do not have the strength to withstand both Mordor and Isengard. Gandalf, the Ring cannot stay here. This evil belongs to all of Middle-Earth. They must decide now how to end it. The time of the Elves is over, my people are leaving these shores. Who will you look to when we've gone? The Dwarves? They toil away in caverns, seeking riches. They care nothing for the troubles of others. Gandalf: It is in Men that we must place our hope. Elrond: Men? Men are weak. The Blood of Numenor is all but spent, its pride and dignity forgotten. It is because of Men the Ring survives. I was there, Gandalf. I was there three thousand years ago. I was there the day the strength of Men failed. Elrond: [scene switches to a flashback of Elrond and Isildur] Isildur, hurry, follow me. Elrond: [voiceover] I led Isildur deep into the fires of Mount Doom, where the Ring was forged, the one place it could be destroyed. Elrond: Cast it into the fire! Destroy it! Isildur: No. [walks away] Elrond: Isildur! [cuts back to present] Elrond: Isildur kept the Ring. It should have ended that day, but evil was allowed to endure. There's no strength left in the world of Men. They're scattered, divided, leaderless. Gandalf: There is one who could unite them. One who could reclaim the throne of Gondor. Elrond: He turned from that path a long time ago. He has chosen exile.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Galadriel: I know what it is you saw, for it is also in my mind. [telepathically] Galadriel: It is what will come to pass, If you should fail. The Fellowship is breaking, it has already begun. He will try to take the Ring, you know of whom I speak. One by one, it will destroy them. Frodo: [telepathically] If you ask it of me, I will give you the One Ring. Galadriel: You offer it to me freely? I do not deny that my heart has greatly desired this. [starts to grow dark] Galadriel: In place of a Dark Lord you would have a Queen! Not dark but beautiful and terrible as the Dawn! Treacherous as the Seas! Stronger than the foundations of the Earth! All shall love me and despair! [she stops] Galadriel: I have passed the test. I will diminish, and go into the West, and remain Galadriel. Frodo: I cannot do this alone. Galadriel: You are a Ring-bearer, Frodo. To bear a Ring of Power is to be alone. [pulls out her hand] Galadriel: This is Nenya, the Ring of Adamant. And I am its keeper. This task was appointed to you, and if you do not find a way, no one will. Frodo: I know what I must do, it's just that... I'm afraid to do it. Galadriel: Even the smallest person can change the course of the future.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Aragorn: I swore to protect you. Frodo: Can you protect me from yourself? [holding out the Ring] Frodo: Would you destroy it? The Ring: [whispering] Aragorn... Elessar... Aragorn: [closing Frodo's hand around the Ring] I would have gone with you to the end, into the very fires of Mordor.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Pippin: [to Elrond] Anyways, you need people of intelligence on this sort of... mission... quest... thing. Merry: Well, that rules you out, Pip.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [holding the Ring out to Frodo after dropping it in the fire] Gandalf: Hold out your hand, Frodo. It's quite cool. [drops the Ring into Frodo's palm] Gandalf: What can you see? Can you see anything? Frodo: [twists and turns the Ring amongst his fingers] Nothing. There's nothing. [Gandalf sighs in relief] Frodo: Wait. [markings on the Ring glow bright orange] Frodo: There are markings. It's some form of Elvish. [shakes his head] Frodo: I can't read it. Gandalf: There are few who can. The language is that of Mordor, which I will not utter here. [turns to face Frodo] Frodo: Mordor? Gandalf: In the Common Tongue, it says: "One Ring to rule them all. One Ring to find them. One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them."

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Pippin: Are we lost? Merry: No. Pippin: I think we are. Merry: Shh. Gandalf's thinkin'. Pippin: Merry? Merry: What? Pippin: I'm hungry.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [last lines] Frodo: Mordor... I hope the others find a safer road. Sam: Strider'll look after them. Frodo: I don't suppose we'll ever see them again. Sam: We may yet, Mr. Frodo. We may. Frodo: Sam... I'm glad you're with me.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gandalf: My dear Frodo. Hobbits really are amazing creatures. You can learn all there is to know about their ways in a month, and yet after a hundred years they can still surprise you.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Boromir: My father is a noble man, but his rule is failing, and our people lose faith. He looks to me to make things right and I would do it. I would see the glory of Gondor restored. Have you ever seen it, Aragorn? The White Tower of Ecthelion, glimmering like a spike of pearl and silver, its banners caught high in the morning breeze. Have you ever been called home by the clear ringing of silver trumpets? Aragorn: I have seen the White City, long ago. Boromir: One day, our paths will lead us there. And the tower guard shall take up the call: "The Lords of Gondor have returned."

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Frodo: Before you came along, we Bagginses were very well thought of. Gandalf: Indeed? Frodo: Never had any adventures or did anything unexpected. Gandalf: If you're referring to the incident with the Dragon, I was barely involved. All I did was give your uncle a little nudge out of the door. Frodo: Whatever you did, you've been officially labeled a disturber of the peace.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Legolas: Hurry! Frodo and Sam have reached the eastern shore. [Aragorn does not move] Legolas: You mean not to follow them. Aragorn: Frodo's fate is no longer in our hands. Gimli: Then it has all been in vain. The fellowship has failed. Aragorn: Not if we hold true to each other. [pause] Aragorn: We will not abandon Merry and Pippin to torment and death. Not while we have strength left. Leave all that can be spared behind. We travel light. Let's hunt some Orc. Gimli: YES!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [Frodo hears the ring whispering ominously while the Council argues] Frodo: I will take it! [they don't hear him; he raises his voice] Frodo: I will take it! [they fall silent, looking at him] Frodo: I will take the Ring to Mordor! [pause] Frodo: Though... I do not know the way.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gandalf: You shall not pass!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [Gandalf picks up a book that the skeleton of a Dwarf was holding] Legolas: [to Aragorn] We must move on, we cannot linger. Gandalf: [starts reading from the book] They have taken the bridge and the second hall. We have barred the gates but cannot hold them for long. The ground shakes, drums... drums in the deep. We cannot get out. A shadow lurks in the dark. We can not get out... they are coming.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [Boromir picks up the One Ring after Frodo had lost it] Boromir: It is a strange fate that we should suffer so much fear and doubt over so small a thing. Such a little thing.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Frodo: What do you want? Aragorn: A little more caution from you; that is no trinket you carry. Frodo: I carry nothing. Aragorn: Indeed. I can avoid being seen if I wish, but to disappear entirely, that is a rare gift.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [an ominous roar is heard, and fire illuminates the hall of Moria] Boromir: What is this new devilry? Gandalf: A Balrog. A demon of the ancient world. This foe is beyond any of you. Run!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gimli: Well, here's one Dwarf she won't ensnare so easily. I have the eyes of a hawk and the ears of a fox. [Elves suddenly appear, covering them with arrows at point-blank range] Haldir: The Dwarf breathes so loud, we could have shot him in the dark.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gimli: [upon leaving Lorien and Galadriel] I have been dealt a wound beyond all healing, for I have looked the last... upon that which was fairest. [sighs] Gimli: Henceforth I will call nothing fair unless it be her gift to me. Legolas: What was it? Gimli: I asked for one hair from her golden head... she gave me three.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ [Gandalf snatches Sam, who was sneaking around] Gandalf: Confound it all, Samwise Gamgee. Have you been eavesdropping? Sam: I ain't been droppin' no eaves sir, honest. I was just cutting the grass under the window there, if you'll follow me. Gandalf: A little late for trimming the verge, don't you think? Sam: I heard raised voices. Gandalf: What did you hear? Speak. Sam: N-nothing important. That is, I heard a good deal about a ring, and a Dark Lord, and something about the end of the world, but... Please, Mr. Gandalf, sir, don't hurt me. Don't turn me into anything... unnatural.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Saruman: We must join with Him, Gandalf. We must join with Sauron. It would be wise, my friend. Gandalf: Tell me, "friend", when did Saruman the Wise abandon reason for madness?

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gimli: Not the beard!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Elrond: Strangers from distant lands, friends of old, you have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle Earth stands upon the brink of destruction; none can escape it. You will unite or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate, this one doom. Bring forth the ring, Frodo. Boromir: [Frodo puts the ring on a stand for all to see] So it is true. In a dream, I saw the Eastern sky grow dark. But in the West, a pale light lingered. A voice was crying, "The doom is near at hand, Isildur's Bane is found." [reaches for the Ring] Boromir: Isildur's Bane... Aragorn: Boromir! Gandalf: [speaking the words engraved on the Ring] Ash Nazg Durbatuluk, Ash Nazg Gimbatul, Ash Nazg Thrakatuluk, Agh Burzum-ishi Krimpatul. [the light darkens and the air rumbles; Boromir backs away from the Ring] Elrond: Never before has anyone dared utter words of that tongue here, in Imladris. Gandalf: I do not ask for pardon, Master Elrond, for the Black Speech of Mordor may yet be heard in every corner of the West! The Ring is altogether evil. Boromir: It is a gift. A gift to the foes of Mordor. Why not use this ring? Long has my father, the Steward of Gondor, kept the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe. Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy. Let us use it against him. Aragorn: You cannot wield it. None of us can. The One Ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master. Boromir: And what would a Ranger know of this matter? Legolas: This is no mere Ranger. He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance. Boromir: Aragorn? This is Isildur's heir? Legolas: And heir to the throne of Gondor Aragorn: [Elvish] Sit down, Legolas. Boromir: Gondor has no King. Gondor needs no King. Gandalf: Aragorn is right. We cannot use it. Elrond: You have only one choice. The Ring must be destroyed. Gimli: Then what are we waiting for? [He strikes the ring with his axe; the axe breaks, leaving the ring intact] Elrond: The ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli, son of Gloin, by any craft that we here possess. The ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom. Only there can it be unmade. The ring must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came. One of you must do this. Boromir: One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep. The great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire, ash, and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten-thousand men could you do this. It is folly. Legolas: Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said? The ring must be destroyed! Gimli: And I suppose you think you're the one to do it? Boromir: And if we fail, what then? What happens when Sauron takes back what is his? Gimli: I will be dead before I see the Ring in the hands of an Elf! Never trust an Elf!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gandalf: There is one other who knew Bilbo had the Ring. I looked everywhere for the creature Gollum, but the enemy found him first. I don't know how long they tortured him, but through the endless screams and inane babble, they discerned two words: Gollum: SHIRE! BAGGINS! Frodo: Shire? Baggins? But that would lead them here! [Cuts to a Ringwraith cutting off a Hobbit's head] Frodo: [holding out the Ring] Take it Gandalf! [Gandalf backs away] Frodo: Take it! Gandalf: No, Frodo. Frodo: You must take it! Gandalf: You cannot offer me this ring! Frodo: I'm giving it to you! Gandalf: Don't... tempt me Frodo! I dare not take it. Not even to keep it safe. Understand, Frodo. I would use this ring from a desire to do good... But through me, it would wield a power too great and terrible to imagine. Frodo: But it cannot stay in the Shire! Gandalf: No. No, it can't. Frodo: What must I do?

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Witch-King: Give up the Halfling, She-Elf! Arwen: [draws her sword] If you want him, come and claim him!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Boromir: They have a cave Troll.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Bilbo: I'm old, Gandalf. I know I don't look it, but I'm beginning to feel it in my heart. I feel... thin. Sort of stretched, like... butter scraped over too much bread. I need a holiday. A very long holiday. And I don't expect I shall return. In fact I mean not to.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Gandalf: I think you should leave the ring behind, Bilbo. Is that so hard? Bilbo: Well, no. [frowning] Bilbo: ...and yes. Now it comes to it, I don't feel like parting with it. It's mine, I found it. It came to me! Gandalf: There's no need to get angry. Bilbo: Well, if I'm angry, it's your fault. [to himself] Bilbo: ...it's mine... my own... my precious... Gandalf: Precious? It's been called that before, but not by you. Bilbo: Oh, what business is it of yours what I do with my own things? Gandalf: I think you've had that ring quite long enough. Bilbo: You want it for yourself! Gandalf: BILBO BAGGINS! Do not take me for some conjuror of cheap tricks! I am not trying to rob you. I'm trying to help you.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Bilbo: Mrs Bracegirdle, how nice to see you. Welcome welcome. Are all these children yours? Mrs. Bracegirdle: Yeah. Bilbo: Good gracious, you have been productive.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring ¤ Bilbo: [voice] It's a dangerous business, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ [Tuco is in a bubble bath. The One Armed Man enters the room] One Armed Man: I've been looking for you for 8 months. Whenever I should have had a gun in my right hand, I thought of you. Now I find you in exactly the position that suits me. I had lots of time to learn to shoot with my left. [Tuco kills him with the gun he has hidden in the foam] Tuco: When you have to shoot, shoot. Don't talk.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [in the cave where his friends Pedro, Chico and Ramon are hiding] If you work for a living, why do you kill yourself working?

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ [last lines] Tuco: [shouting] Hey, Blond! You know what you are? Just a dirty son-of-a-b-!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: [counting Angel Eyes' men] One, two, three, four, five, six. Six. Perfect number. Angel Eyes: Huh. Isn't three the perfect number? Blondie: Mm... yeah. But I've got six more bullets in my gun.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [trying to read a note] "See you soon, id... " "idi... " Blondie: [taking the note] "Idiots". [He hand the note back to Tuco] Blondie: It's for you.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: I'll keep the money and you can have the rope. Tuco: You filthy, double-crossing bastard! Of all the stinking, dirty tricks... Blondie: The way back to town is only 70 miles. You know, if you save your breath, I feel a man like you could manage it. Adiós. Tuco: You-you-you filthy bastard! Come here! Come here! Take -cut this rope off! Get off that horse. Get off that horse! You filthy coward! If I ever catch you, l'll rip your heart out and eat it! I'll skin you alive! I'll hang you up by your thumbs. You thief! I'll kill you! I'll kill you! Blondie: [clicks his tongue] Such ingratitude, after all the times I've saved your life.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [thinking the cavalry they've met are Confederate] Hurrah! Hurrah for the Confederacy! HURRAH! Down with General Grant! Hurrah for General... what's his name? Blondie: Lee. Tuco: Lee! LEE! Ha ha! God is with us because he hates the Yanks too. HURRAH! Blondie: [spits] God's not on our side because he hates *idiots* also. [the commander of the cavalry patrol they've met reveals his blue uniform]

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: There are two kinds of spurs, my friend. Those that come in by the door; those that come in by the window.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: I never hurt anybody! Officer: ...wanted in 14 counties of this state, the condemned is found guilty of the crimes of murder, armed robbery of citizens, state banks and post offices, the theft of sacred objects, arson in a state prison, perjury, bigamy, deserting his wife and children, inciting prostitution, kidnapping, extortion, receiving stolen goods, selling stolen goods, passing counterfeit money, and, contrary to the laws of this state, the condemned is guilty of using marked cards...

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [to his brother the priest] While I'm waiting for the Lord to remember me, I, Tuco Ramirez, brother of "Brother" Ramirez will tell you something! You think you're better than I am... where we came from, if one did not want to die in poverty, one became a priest or a bandit! You chose your way, I chose mine. *Mine* was harder! You talk about Mother and Father... you forget that when you left to become a priest *I* stayed behind! I must have been ten, twelve, I don't remember which, but *I stayed*! I tried, but it was no good! Now I'm going to tell you something... you became a priest because you were too much of a coward to do what *I* do! [Pablo strikes Tuco across the face. Tuco retaliates with a right hook that sends Pablo crashing into various items. Tuco heads for the doorway] Father Pablo Ramirez: Tuco... [Tuco pauses at the doorway, then, without turning around, gives a dismissive wave and exits. Pablo stares ruefully after him] Father Pablo Ramirez: Please forgive me, brother.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ [surveying some Civil War carnage] Blondie: I've never seen so many men wasted so badly.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: Every gun makes its own tune.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: I'm very happy you are working with me! And we're together again. [pause] Tuco: I get dressed, I kill him and be right back. Blondie: Listen, I forgot to mention... He's not alone. There's five of 'em. Tuco: Five? Blondie: Yeah, five of 'em. Tuco: So, that's why you came to Tuco. [pause] Tuco: It doesn't matter, I'll kill them all.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [to Corporal Wallace] I like big fat men like you. When they fall they make more noise. And sometimes they never get up.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: There are two kinds of people in the world, my friend: Those with a rope around the neck, and the people who have the job of doing the cutting.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ [a dying man has information Tuco wants] Tuco: Don't die, I'll get you water. Stay there. Don't move, I'll get you water. Don't die until later.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: You never had a rope around your neck. Well, I'm going to tell you something. When that rope starts to pull tight, you can feel the Devil bite your ass.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: [With Tuco's gun pointed at him, Blondie has no choice but to let his new partner hang] Sorry, Shorty.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: You want to know who you are? Huh? You want to know whose son you are? You don't, I do, everybody does. You're the son of a thousand fathers, all bastards like you. And your mother? Your mother - you bastard! Your mother, it's better not to talk of her. I never hurt anybody!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: Two hundred thousand dollars is a lot of money. We're gonna have to earn it.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: If you shoot me, you won't see a cent of that money. Angel Eyes: [frowning] Why? Blondie: I'll tell you why. [Blondie kicks the coffin lid open] Blondie: Cause there's nothin' in here!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: I mean our partnership is untied. Tuco: [looks down at the noose still hanging from his neck] Blondie: Oh no, not you, you remain tied. I'll keep the money and you can have the rope.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: I'm looking for the owner of that horse. He's tall, blonde, he smokes a cigar, and he's a pig!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Alcoholic Union Captain: Whoever has the most liquor to get the soldiers drunk and send them to be slaughtered, he's the winner.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Baker: Here, this is for you. You did a good job for me. Worth five hundred dollars, [hands over a purse] Angel Eyes: Oh I almost forgot. He gave me a thousand. I think his idea was that I kill you. [they both laugh] Angel Eyes: But you know the pity is when I'm paid, I always follow my job through. You know that. Baker: Noo! Angel Eyes! [Angel Eyes presses a pillow over Baker's face and shoots him through it]

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: It's not a joke, it's a rope, Tuco. Now I want you to get up there and put your head in that noose.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Alcoholic Union Captain: Doc - Doctor, can you help me live a little more? Expect good news.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ [as they set out across the desert] Tuco: What was it you told me the last time? Ah, yes..."If you save your breath I feel a man like you can manage it." And if you won't manage it, you'll die... only slowly. *Very* slowly, old friend.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: [appearing beside Tuco] Were you gonna die alone?

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: You may run the risks, my friend, but I do the cutting. We cut down my percentage - uh, cigar? - liable to interfere with my aim. Tuco: But if you miss you had better miss very well. Whoever double-crosses me and leaves me alive, he understands nothing about Tuco. Nothing! [Chuckles, bites cigar]

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [tied up and laying on the porch of the sheriff's office, after being dumped there by Blondie as he walks in to collect his bounty money... then, the sheriff walk out] Who the hell is that? One bastard goes in, another comes out!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: If your friends stay out in the damp, they're liable to catch a cold aren't they... or a bullet.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Angel Eyes: [Tuco is about to be hanged] Even a filthy beggar like that has got a protecting angel. [He sees Blondie watching] Angel Eyes: A golden-haired angel watches over him

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [trying to read a grave that is marked "Unknown"] Unk-... unk-... there's no name on it. Blondie: [showing him the stone the name was supposed to be written on stone] There's no name here, either. See, that's what Bill Carson told me... it was the grave marked "Unknown" right beside Arch Stanton.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ One-armed Union soldier: [Wallace and Tuco are at the train station, handcuffed together] Hey, corporal, afraid he'll get lost? Where's the Rebel going? Cpl. Wallace: To Hell, with a rope around his neck and a price on his head. Tuco: Yeah... three thousand dollars, friend. That's a lot of money for a head. [He flips the soldier's empty sleeve] Tuco: I bet they didn't even pay you a penny for your arm.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: I'll kill you! Blondie: [gasps out in a whisper] If you do that, you'll always be poor... just like the greasy rat that you are.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Bounty Hunter: [three bounty hunters have cornered Tuco] No! No pistol, amigo! It won't do you any good. There are three of us! Mexican Bounty Hunter: [holding a wanted poster] Hey, amigo! You know you got a face beautiful enough to be worth $2000? Blondie: [from behind them] Yeah, but you don't look like the one who'll collect it. [Lights a cigar] Blondie: A couple steps back. [the bounty hunters draw their guns but Blondie guns down all three]

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Jackson: [trying to tell in which grave the gold is hidden] There's no number... there's a name... it's written... [chokes and gasps a couple of times, then] Jackson: Water! Tuco: You talk first, I'll give you water later! Sad Hill Cemetery, okay, in the grave okay! But it must have a name or a number on it! There must be a thousand, five thousand!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: Hey! Hey everybody look! He's giving him the filthy money! Judas! You sold my hide! But you won't enjoy any of that money, not a penny. If there's justice, that money will go to the undertakers! Every penny of it, huh.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Alcoholic Union Captain: You've got every qualification to become expert in the use of weapons. [swinging a bottle of booze] Alcoholic Union Captain: This is the most potent weapon in war! The fighting spirit is in this bottle!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: I would like to piss, it's rough. I've been shaking up in this train nearly ten hours now. Cpl. Wallace: You smell like a pig already. Let's try not to make things any worse. [He shoves Tuco to the carriage door] Cpl. Wallace: Get going. [Tuco stands at the edge of the carriage and pauses] Tuco: I can't while you're watching me.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: Ah, my belly's full. Nice guy, my brother. I didn't tell you my brother was in charge here? Everything. Like the Pope, almost. He's in charge in Rome. Yeah, yeah, my brother, he say to me, "Stay, brother, don't go home. We never see each other. Here, there's plenty to eat and drink. Bring your friend, too." Whenever we see each other, he never lets me go. It's always the same story. My brother, he's crazy about me. [His tone becomes wistful] Tuco: That's so... even a tramp like me, no matter what happens, I know there's a brother somewhere who'll never refuse me... a bowl of soup.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: Put your drawers on, and take your gun off.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Alcoholic Union Captain: You'll all turn to dust, but one thing is sure, boys, Branston Bridge will stand unbroken.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [to Corporal Wallace] I told you once, friend, if I ever get you down, you're going to need a lot of help to get back up again!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: [Sitting by the dry, dehydrated Blondie's bedside, desperately begging him to tell him what name is on the grave the gold is buried in] I... I must tell you the truth, Blondie. In my place, you would do the same thing. It's all over for you now. There's nothing anyone can do any more. [Covers his face to stifle a fake sob] Tuco: Oh, God, forgive me! It's my fault! [He beats the sides of his head in mock despair and frustration] Tuco: Mine, mine, mine, mine! I'll tell you one thing, Blondie. If I knew that my last hour had come, I swear, in my place... in your place I would do the same thing. I would tell about the gold. Yes, yes, I would. I would tell the name on the grave. What good is the money if you're dead? I know the name of the cemetery. But you know how many graves there are there? Please. Blondie, please. Have a little... coffee? Please, tell me the name. On... on the grave. If I get my hands on the 200,000 dollars, I'll always honour your memory. I swear, I'll always honour your memory.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Blondie: The way I figure, there's really not too much future with a sawed-off runt like you.

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Sheriff: [shows Tuco the wanted poster] So you're an honest farmer. You recognize this man? Tuco: Me? Sheriff: Yeah, it's you! Tuco: Hey, who said so, huh? You can't even read! [the Sheriff rolls up the poster] Tuco: Roll it up, roll it up! I'll give you a good idea where you can put it!

§The Good, the Bad and the Ugly ¤ Tuco: What about our parents? Father Pablo Ramirez: Only now do you think of them? To begin after nine years... Tuco: [startled] Nine years? [tries to laugh it off] Tuco: So it's nine years. Nine years! Father Pablo Ramirez: Our mother has been dead a long time now. [the smile fades from Tuco's face] Father Pablo Ramirez: Our father died a few days ago. That's why I was away. He asked for you to be there... but there was only me. [Tuco is hit hard by the news. Pablo studies him] Father Pablo Ramirez: And you... outside of evil, what else have you managed to do? It seems to me you once had a wife somewhere. Tuco: [pulls himself together and turns to face Pablo, his eyes still brimming with tears] Not one, lots of them! One here, one there, wherever I found them! [almost snarls] Tuco: Go on, preach me a sermon, Pablo! Father Pablo Ramirez: What good would that be?

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: [running] I had run for 3 years, 2 months, 14 days, and 16 hours. [he stops and turns around] Young Man Running: Quiet, quiet! He's gonna say something! Forrest Gump: [pause] I'm pretty tired... I think I'll go home now.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [repeated line] Forrest Gump: Stupid is as stupid does.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Jenny Curran: Do you ever dream, Forrest, about who you're gonna be? Forrest Gump: Who I'm gonna be? Jenny Curran: Yeah. Forrest Gump: Aren't-aren't I going to be me?

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: You died on a Saturday morning. And I had you placed here under our tree. And I had that house of your father's bulldozed to the ground. Momma always said dyin' was a part of life. I sure wish it wasn't. Little Forrest, he's doing just fine. About to start school again soon. I make his breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day. I make sure he combs his hair and brushes his teeth every day. Teaching him how to play ping-pong. He's really good. We fish a lot. And every night, we read a book. He's so smart, Jenny. You'd be so proud of him. I am. He, uh, wrote a letter, and he says I can't read it. I'm not supposed to, so I'll just leave it here for you. Jenny, I don't know if Momma was right or if, if it's Lieutenant Dan. I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating around accidental-like on a breeze, but I, I think maybe it's both. Maybe both is happening at the same time. I miss you, Jenny. If there's anything you need, I won't be far away.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Jenny Curran: Were you scared in Vietnam? Forrest Gump: Yes. Well, I-I don't know. Sometimes it would stop raining long enough for the stars to come out... and then it was nice. It was like just before the sun goes to bed down on the bayou. There was always a million sparkles on the water... like that mountain lake. It was so clear, Jenny, it looked like there were two skies one on top of the other. And then in the desert, when the sun comes up, I couldn't tell where heaven stopped and the earth began. It's so beautiful. Jenny Curran: I wish I could've been there with you. Forrest Gump: You were.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: Have you found Jesus yet, Gump? Forrest Gump: I didn't know I was supposed to be looking for him, sir.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: [narrating] If I'd a known that was the last time I was gonna talk to Bubba, I would've thought of something better to say. Forrest Gump: Hi Bubba. Bubba: Hey Forrest.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Jenny Curran: His name's Forrest. Forrest Gump: Like me. Jenny Curran: I named him after his daddy. Forrest Gump: He got a daddy named Forrest, too? Jenny Curran: You're his daddy, Forrest.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Will you marry me? [Jenny turns and looks at him] Forrest Gump: I'd make a good husband, Jenny. Jenny Curran: You would, Forrest. Forrest Gump: ...But you won't marry me. Jenny Curran: [sadly] ... You don't wanna marry me. Forrest Gump: Why don't you love me, Jenny? [Jenny says nothing] Forrest Gump: I'm not a smart man... but I know what love is.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [repeated line] Forrest Gump: My momma always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."

§Forrest Gump ¤ [when the bullies from school were chasing him] Jenny Curran: Run, Forrest! Run!

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: In the land of China, people hardly got nothing at all. John Lennon: No possessions? Forrest Gump: And in China they never go to church. John Lennon: No religion too? Dick Cavett: Ah. Hard to imagine. John Lennon: Well it's easy if you try, Dick.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Drill Sergeant: Gump! What's your sole purpose in this army? Forrest Gump: To do whatever you tell me, drill sergeant! Drill Sergeant: God damn it, Gump! You're a god damn genius! This is the most outstanding answer I have ever heard. You must have a goddamn I.Q. of 160. You are goddamn gifted, Private Gump. Listen up, people... Forrest Gump: [narrates] Now for some reason I fit in the army like one of them round pegs. It's not really hard. You just make your bed real neat and remember to stand up straight and always answer every question with "Yes, drill sergeant." Drill Sergeant: ...Is that clear? Forrest Gump: Yes, drill sergeant!

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Mama always said, dying was a part of life. I sure wish it wasn't.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Bubba: Anyway, like I was sayin', shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boil it, broil it, bake it, saute it. Dey's uh, shrimp-kabobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo. Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. There's pineapple shrimp, lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich. That- that's about it.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan, what are you doing here? Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: I'm here to try out my sea legs. Forrest Gump: But you ain't got no legs, Lieutenant Dan. Lieutenant Daniel Taylor: [mildly irritated, but understanding] Yes... yes, I know that. You wrote me a letter, you idiot!

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: My Mama always said you've got to put the past behind you before you can move on.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [young Jenny's father is chasing her through the fields to beat her when she stops and hides] Young Jenny Curran: Dear God, make me a bird. So I could fly far. Far far away from here.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [Forrest Gump referring to Apple Computer] Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan got me invested in some kind of fruit company. So then I got a call from him, saying we don't have to worry about money no more. And I said, that's good! One less thing.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Dorothy Harris: Are you coming along? Young Forrest Gump: Mama said not to be taking rides from strangers. Dorothy Harris: This is the bus to school. Young Forrest Gump: I'm Forrest, Forrest Gump. Dorothy Harris: I'm Dorothy Harris. Young Forrest Gump: Well, now we ain't strangers anymore.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Jenny Curran: Have you ever been with a girl, Forrest? Forrest Gump: [nervously] I sit next to them in my Home Economics class all the time.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [Forrest has finished assembling his rifle] Forrest Gump: DONE, DRILL SERGEANT! Drill Sergeant: GUUUUUUMP! Why did you put that weapon together so quickly, Gump? Forrest Gump: [confused] You told me to, Drill Sergeant? Drill Sergeant: Jesus H. Christ! [looks at stopwatch] Drill Sergeant: This is a new company record! If it wouldn't be such a waste of a damn-fine enlisted man I'd recommend you for OCS! You are gonna be a general someday, Gump, now disassemble your weapon and continue!

§Forrest Gump ¤ [first lines] Forrest Gump: Hello. My name's Forrest, Forrest Gump. You want a chocolate?

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: That day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run. So I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd run to the end of town. And when I got there, I thought maybe I'd just run across Greenbow County. And I figured, since I run this far, maybe I'd just run across the great state of Alabama. And that's what I did. I ran clear across Alabama. For no particular reason I just kept on going. I ran clear to the ocean. And when I got there, I figured, since I'd gone this far, I might as well turn around, just keep on going. When I got to another ocean, I figured, since I'd gone this far, I might as well just turn back, keep right on going.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Mama always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Jenny Curran: Why are you so good to me? Forrest Gump: You're my girl! Jenny Curran: [pause] I'll always be your girl.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Forrest: Momma said there's only so much fortune a man really needs and the rest is just for showing off. So, I gave a whole bunch of it to the Foursquare Gospel Church and I gave a whole bunch to the Bayou La Batre Fishing Hospital. And even though Bubba was dead, and Lieutenant Dan said I was nuts, I gave Bubba's momma Bubba's share. And you know what? She didn't have to work in nobody's kitchen no more...

§Forrest Gump ¤ Mrs. Gump: You have to do the best with what God gave you.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Mrs. Gump: Life's a box of chocolates, Forrest. You never know what you're gonna get.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [last lines] Dorothy Harris: You understand this is the bus to the school, now, don'tcha? Forrest Gump Jr.: Of course; you're Dorothy Harris, and I'm Forrest Gump.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: One day it started raining, and it didn't quit for four months. We been through every kind of rain there is. Little bitty stingin' rain... and big ol' fat rain. Rain that flew in sideways. And sometimes rain even seemed to come straight up from underneath. Shoot, it even rained at night...

§Forrest Gump ¤ Bumper Sticker Guy: [running after Forrest] Hey man! Hey listen, I was wondering if you might help me. 'Cause I'm in the bumper sticker business and I've been trying to think of a good slogan, and since you've been such a big inspiration to the people around here I thought you might be able to help me jump into - WOAH! Man, you just ran through a big pile of dog shit! Forrest Gump: It happens. Bumper Sticker guy: What, shit? Forrest Gump: Sometimes.

§Forrest Gump ¤ John F. Kennedy: Congratulations, how do you feel? Forrest Gump: I gotta pee. John F. Kennedy: [turning to camera] I believe he said he had to go pee. Heh heh.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [Describing Vietnam] Forrest Gump: We was always taking long walks, and we was always looking for a guy named "Charlie".

§Forrest Gump ¤ Jenny Curran: [hearing that Forrest is going to Vietnam] Listen, you promise me something, OK? Just if you're ever in trouble, don't be brave. You just run, OK? Just run away.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [Jenny has told Forrest that she has an incurable disease, and the doctors don't know what to do] Forrest Gump: You could come home with me, to my house in Greenbow, Jenny. You and little Forrest. I'll take care of you if you're sick. Jenny Curran: Will you marry me, Forrest? Forrest Gump: [long pause] Okay.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Me and Jenny goes together like peas and carrots.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Mrs. Gump: What's normal anyways?

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Sometimes, I guess there just aren't enough rocks.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Bubba: My given name is Benjamin Buford Blue, but people call me Bubba. Just like one of them ol' redneck boys. Can you believe that? Forrest Gump: My name's Forrest Gump. People call me Forrest Gump.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: [56:02] Then, Bubba said something I won't ever forget. Bubba: I wanna go home. Forrest Gump: Bubba was my best good friend. And even I know that ain't something you can find just around the corner. Bubba was going to be a shrimping boat captain, but instead, he died right there by that river in Vietnam.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Those must be comfortable shoes, I bet you could walk all day in shoes like those and not feel a thing. Nurse at Park Bench: My feet hurt. Forrest Gump: My mama always said you can tell a lot about a person by their shoes, where they going, where they been. [pause] Forrest Gump: I've worn a lots of shoes. I bet if I think about it real hard I can remember my first pair of shoes.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Hello. I'm Forrest, Forrest Gump. Recruit Officer: Nobody gives a hunky shit who you are, pus ball. You're not even a low-life, scum-sucking maggot. Get your ass on the bus, you're in the army now!

§Forrest Gump ¤ Fat Man at Bench: It was a bullet, wasn't it? Forrest Gump: A bullet? Fat Man at Bench: That jumped up and bit you. Forrest Gump: Oh, yes sir. Bit me right in the buttocks. They said it was a million dollar wound, but the army must keep that money 'cause I still haven't seen a nickel of that million dollars.

§Forrest Gump ¤ [Forrest is waiting with Forrest Jr. for the school bus on little Forrest's first day of school in Greenbow. The bus arrives and little Forrest is about to board it] Forrest Gump: Forrest, don't... [pause, then] Forrest Gump: I just wanted to tell you I love you. Forrest Gump Jr.: [smiles] I love you too, Dad.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: When I got tired, I slept. When I got hungry, I ate. When I had to go, you know, I went. Elderly Southern Woman on Park Bench: And so, you just ran? Forrest Gump: Yeah.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Mama always said, God is mysterious. He didn't turn Jenny into a bird that day. But instead - he had the po-lice say Jenny didn't have to stay in that house no more. She went to live with her grandma, just over on Creekmore Avenue. And that made me happy, because she was close. And some nights she'd sneak out and come on over to my house, because she said she was scared. It may have been because of her grandma's dog, or somethin'.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: What's my destiny, Mama? Mrs. Gump: You're gonna have to figure that out for yourself.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Mama said they'd take me anywhere. She said they was my magic shoes.

§Forrest Gump ¤ Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan, I got you some ice cream. [voice wavering] Forrest Gump: Lieutenant Dan, ice cream.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [31:14] The things you own end up owning you.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: I found freedom. Losing all hope was freedom.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [1:04:02] It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [19:34] This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [1:10:11] Man, I see in fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived. I see all this potential, and I see squandering. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas, waiting tables; slaves with white collars. Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. We're the middle children of history, man. No purpose or place. We have no Great War. No Great Depression. Our Great War's a spiritual war... our Great Depression is our lives. We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires, and movie gods, and rock stars. But we won't. And we're slowly learning that fact. And we're very, very pissed off.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: You're making a big mistake, fellas! Police Officer: You said you would say that. Narrator: I'm not Tyler Durden! Police Officer: You told us you'd say that, too. Narrator: All right then, I'm Tyler Durden. Listen to me, I'm giving you a direct order. We're aborting this mission right now. Police Officer: You said you would definitely say that.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [42:50] Gentlemen, welcome to Fight Club. The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club. The second rule of Fight Club is: you DO NOT talk about Fight Club! Third rule of Fight Club: someone yells "stop!", goes limp, taps out, the fight is over. Fourth rule: only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule: one fight at a time, fellas. Sixth rule: No shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule: fights will go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule: if this is your first time at Fight Club, you have to fight.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: Warning: If you are reading this then this warning is for you. Every word you read of this useless fine print is another second off your life. Don't you have other things to do? Is your life so empty that you honestly can't think of a better way to spend these moments? Or are you so impressed with authority that you give respect and credence to all that claim it? Do you read everything you're supposed to read? Do you think every thing you're supposed to think? Buy what you're told to want? Get out of your apartment. Meet a member of the opposite sex. Stop the excessive shopping and masturbation. Quit your job. Start a fight. Prove you're alive. If you don't claim your humanity you will become a statistic. You have been warned- Tyler.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: Now, a question of etiquette - as I pass, do I give you the ass or the crotch?

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: Listen up, maggots. You are not special. You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [1:24:27] You're not your job. You're not how much money you have in the bank. You're not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet. You're not your fucking khakis. You're the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world.

§Fight Club ¤ [last lines] Narrator: You met me at a very strange time in my life.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [14:19] If I did have a tumor, I'd name it Marla.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [1:04:30] Tyler sold his soap to department stores at $20 a bar. Lord knows what they charged. It was beautiful. We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [12:56] When you have insomnia, you're never really asleep... and you're never really awake.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: When people think you're dying, they really, really listen to you, instead of just... Marla Singer: - instead of just waiting for their turn to speak?

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [34:11] Well, what do you want me to do? You just want me to hit you? Tyler Durden: C'mon, do me this one favor. Narrator: Why? Tyler Durden: Why? I don't know why; I don't know. Never been in a fight. You? Narrator: No, but that's a good thing. Tyler Durden: No, it is not. How much can you know about yourself, you've never been in a fight? I don't wanna die without any scars. So come on; hit me before I lose my nerve. Narrator: This is crazy. Tyler Durden: So go crazy. Let 'er rip. Narrator: I don't know about this. Tyler Durden: I don't either. Who gives a shit? No one's watching. What do you care? Narrator: Whoa, wait, this is crazy. You want me to hit you? Tyler Durden: That's right. Narrator: What, like in the face? Tyler Durden: [beat] Surprise me. Narrator: This is so fucking stupid... [Narrator swings, connects against Tyler's head] Tyler Durden: Motherfucker! You hit me in the ear! Narrator: Well, Jesus, I'm sorry. Tyler Durden: Ow, Christ... why the ear, man? Narrator: Guess I fucked it up... Tyler Durden: No, that was perfect!

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [22:28] You know why they put oxygen masks on planes? Narrator: So you can breathe. Tyler Durden: Oxygen gets you high. In a catastrophic emergency, you're taking giant panicked breaths. Suddenly you become euphoric, docile. You accept your fate. It's all right here. Emergency water landing - 600 miles an hour. Blank faces, calm as Hindu cows. Narrator: That's, um... That's an interesting theory.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: I am Jack's inflamed sense of rejection.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: If you wake up at a different time in a different place, could you wake up as a different person?

§Fight Club ¤ [Poem on Narrator's computer] Narrator: [55:00] Worker bees can leave. Even drones can fly away. The Queen is their slave.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [20:22] On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [20:35] A new car built by my company leaves somewhere traveling at 60 mph. The rear differential locks up. The car crashes and burns with everyone trapped inside. Now, should we initiate a recall? Take the number of vehicles in the field, A, multiply by the probable rate of failure, B, multiply by the average out-of-court settlement, C. A times B times C equals X. If X is less than the cost of a recall, we don't do one. Woman on Plane: Are there a lot of these kinds of accidents? Narrator: You wouldn't believe. Woman on Plane: Which car company do you work for? Narrator: A major one.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [while brutally beating Angel Face] I felt like putting a bullet between the eyes of every Panda that wouldn't screw to save its species. I wanted to open the dump valves on oil tankers and smother all the French beaches I'd never see. I wanted to breathe smoke.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [1:03:32] Fuck damnation, man! Fuck redemption! We are God's unwanted children? So be it! Narrator: OK. Give me some water! Tyler Durden: Listen, you can run water over your hand and make it worse or... [shouts] Tyler Durden: Look at me... or you can use vinegar and neutralize the burn. Narrator: Please let me have it... *Please*! Tyler Durden: First you have to give up, first you have to *know*... not fear... *know*... that someday you're gonna die.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [29:10] It could be worse. A woman could cut off your penis while you're sleeping and toss it out the window of a moving car. Narrator: There's always that.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [1:49:38] Is Tyler my bad dream? Or am I Tyler's?

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: Every evening I died, and every evening I was born again, resurrected.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: Marla's philosophy of life is that she might die at any moment. The tragedy, she said, was that she didn't.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [reading] I am Jack's colon. Tyler Durden: I get cancer, I kill Jack.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [1:23:50] Tomorrow will be the most beautiful day of Raymond K. Hessel's life. His breakfast will taste better than any meal you and I have ever tasted.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: Look, nobody takes this more seriously than me. That condo was my life, okay? I loved every stick of furniture in that place. That was not just a bunch of stuff that got destroyed, it was ME! [voice-over] Narrator: I'd like to thank the Academy...

§Fight Club ¤ [to the Narrator who has just fired a warning shot into the window of an explosives filled van] Tyler Durden: [2:07:41] WHOA! WHOA! WHOA! Ok, you are now firing a gun at your 'imaginary friend' near 400 GALLONS OF NITROGLYCERINE!

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: Hey, you created me. I didn't create some loser alter-ego to make myself feel better. Take some responsibility!

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: We're a generation of men raised by women. I'm wondering if another woman is really the answer we need.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: [1:02:39] The first soap was made from heroes' ashes, like the first monkey shot into space.Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing. Like the first monkey shot into space.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [1:52:23] Tyler, what the fuck is going on here? Tyler Durden: I ask you for one thing, one simple thing. Narrator: Why do people think that I'm you? Answer me! Tyler Durden: Sit. Narrator: Now answer me, why do people think that I'm you. Tyler Durden: I think you know. Narrator: No, I don't. Tyler Durden: Yes, you do. Why would anyone possibly confuse you with me? Narrator: Uh... I... I don't know. [Random flashbacks] Tyler Durden: You got it. Narrator: No. Tyler Durden: Say it. Narrator: Because... Tyler Durden: Say it. Narrator: Because we're the same person. Tyler Durden: That's right.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: Oh, it's late. Hey, thanks for the beer. Tyler Durden: Yeah, man. Narrator: I should find a hotel. Tyler Durden: [in disbelief] What? Narrator: What? Tyler Durden: A hotel? Narrator: Yeah. Tyler Durden: Just ask, man. Narrator: What are you talking about? Tyler Durden: [laughs] Three pitchers of beer, and you still can't ask. Narrator: What? Tyler Durden: You call me because you need a place to stay. Narrator: Oh, hey, no, no, no, I didn't mean... Tyler Durden: Yes, you did. So just ask. Cut the foreplay and just ask. Narrator: Would - would that be a problem? Tyler Durden: Is it a problem for you to ask? Narrator: Can I stay at your place? Tyler Durden: Yeah.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: I ran. I ran until my muscles burned and my veins pumped battery acid. Then I ran some more.

§Fight Club ¤ [after vigorous sex with Tyler Durden] Marla Singer: [52:52] My God. I haven't been fucked like that since grade school.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: I am Jack's smirking revenge.

§Fight Club ¤ Tyler Durden: Do you know what a duvet is? Narrator: It's a comforter... Tyler Durden: It's a blanket. Just a blanket. Now why do guys like you and me know what a duvet is? Is this essential to our survival, in the hunter-gatherer sense of the word? No. What are we then? Narrator: ...Consumers? Tyler Durden: Right. We are consumers. We're the by-products of a lifestyle obsession.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: Bob is dead, they shot him in the head! Tyler Durden: You wanna make an omelet, you gotta break some eggs.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [9:01] And then, something happened. I let go. Lost in oblivion. Dark and silent and complete. I found freedom. Losing all hope was freedom.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: Everywhere I travel, tiny life. Single-serving sugar, single-serving cream, single pat of butter. The microwave Cordon Bleu hobby kit. Shampoo-conditioner combos, sample-packaged mouthwash, tiny bars of soap. The people I meet on each flight? They're single-serving friends.

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: Marla... the little scratch on the roof of your mouth that would heal if only you could stop tonguing it, but you can't.

§Fight Club ¤ Marla Singer: I got this dress at a thrift store for one dollar. Narrator: It was worth every penny. Marla Singer: It's a bridesmaid's dress. Someone loved it intensely for one day, and then tossed it. Like a Christmas tree. So special. Then, bam, it's on the side of the road. [Grabs Narrator's crotch] Marla Singer: Tinsel still clinging to it. Like a sex crime victim. Underwear inside out. Bound with electrical tape. Narrator: Well, then it suits you. Marla Singer: You can borrow it sometime.

§Fight Club ¤ [while burning the Narrator's hand with lye] Tyler Durden: [1:03:07] Shut up! Our fathers were our models for God. If our fathers bailed, what does that tell you about God? Narrator: No, no, I... don't... Tyler Durden: Listen to me! You have to consider the possibility that God does not like you. He never wanted you. In all probability, he hates you. This is not the worst thing that can happen. Narrator: It isn't? Tyler Durden: We don't need him!

§Fight Club ¤ Narrator: [1:54:59] It's called a changeover. The movie goes on, and nobody in the audience has any idea.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Frodo: I can't do this, Sam. Sam: I know. It's all wrong. By rights we shouldn't even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger, they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going. Because they were holding on to something. Frodo: What are we holding onto, Sam? Sam: That there's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo... and it's worth fighting for.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Sam: What we need is a few good taters. Gollum: What's taters, precious? What's taters, eh? Sam: *Po-tay-toes!* Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew... Lovely big golden chips with a nice piece of fried fish. [Gollum makes a noise of disgust while sticking his tongue out] Sam: Even you couldn't say no to that. Gollum: Oh yes we could. Spoilin' nice fish. Give it to us raw and w-r-r-riggling; you keep nasty chips. Sam: You're hopeless.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [Aragorn and Gimli are looking at the Uruk-hai, but are separated from them by a gap] Gimli: Oh come on, we can take 'em. Aragorn: It's a long way. Gimli: Toss me. Aragorn: What? Gimli: I cannot jump the distance, you'll have to toss me. Gimli: [pauses, looks up at Aragorn] Gimli: Don't tell the Elf. Aragorn: Not a word.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [following Gollum down the path] Sam: I wonder if we'll ever be put into songs or tales. Frodo: [turns around] What? Sam: I wonder if people will ever say, 'Let's hear about Frodo and the Ring.' And they'll say 'Yes, that's one of my favorite stories. Frodo was really courageous, wasn't he, Dad?' 'Yes, my boy, the most famousest of hobbits. And that's saying a lot.' Frodo: [continue walking] You've left out one of the chief characters - Samwise the Brave. I want to hear more about Sam. [stops and turns to Sam] Frodo: Frodo wouldn't have got far without Sam. Sam: Now Mr. Frodo, you shouldn't make fun; I was being serious. Frodo: So was I. [they continue to walk] Sam: Samwise the Brave...

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gimli: [failing to see over the wall] What's happening out there? Legolas: Shall I describe it to you? Gimli: [turns] Hmm? Legolas: Or would you like me to find you a box? [Gimli laughs]

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [from extended version] Legolas: Final count, forty-two. Gimli: Forty-two? Oh, that's not bad for a pointy-eared elvish princeling. Hmph! I myself am sitting pretty on forty-THREE. Legolas: [takes out an arrow, and shoots the Uruk Gimli is sitting on in the stomach] Forty-three. Gimli: He was already dead! Legolas: He was twitching. Gimli: He was *twitching* because he's got my axe EMBEDDED IN HIS NERVOUS SYSTEM! [rattles the handle of his ax; the Uruk's arms and legs twitch]

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Theoden: [pick up a white flower] Simbelmyne. Ever has it grown on the tombs of my forebears. Now it shall cover the grave of my son. Alas, that these evil days should be mine. The young perish and the old linger. That I should live to see that last days of my house. Gandalf: Theodred's death was not of your making. Theoden: No parent should have to bury their child. [Theoden drops to his knees and starts sobbing] Gandalf: He was strong in life. His spirit will find the way to the halls of your fathers.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gandalf: [to Aragorn] Look to my coming on the first light of the fifth day, at dawn look to the east.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Legolas: They're taking the Hobbits to Isengard.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Theoden: Let this be the hour when we draw swords together. Fell deeds awake. Now for wrath, now for ruin, and the red dawn. Forth, Eorlingas!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Legolas: A red sun rises, blood has been spilled this night.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gollum: We wants it, we needs it. Must have the precious. They stole it from us. Sneaky little hobbitses. Wicked, tricksy, false! Smeagol: [shaking his head] No. Not master! Gollum: [snarling malevolently] Yes, precious, false! They will cheat you, hurt you, LIE. Smeagol: Master is my friend. Gollum: You don't have any friends; nobody likes you! Smeagol: [closes his ears with his hands] I'm not listening... I'm not listening... Gollum: You're a liar and a thief. Smeagol: No. Gollum: [sinister whisper] *Murderer*. Smeagol: [voice breaking; hurt by Gollum's remark] Go away! Gollum: "Go away?" [Gollum laughs mockingly as Smeagol begins to cry] Smeagol: [weeping] I hate you. I *hate* you. Gollum: Where would you be without me, uh? gollum, gollum... *I* saved us! It was me! *We* survived because of *me*! Smeagol: [stops crying] Not anymore. Gollum: What did you say? Smeagol: Master looks after us now. We don't need you anymore. Gollum: [appalled] What? Smeagol: Leave now, and never come back! Gollum: No! Smeagol: [louder and firmer] Leave now, and never come back! [Gollum snarls in frustration] Smeagol: LEAVE! NOW! AND NEVER COME BACK! [Gollum is silent; Smeagol waits] Smeagol: [looks around; then begins galumphing around with joy] We told him to go away... and away he goes, Precious! Gone, gone, gone! SMEAGOL IS FREE!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gandalf: The battle of Helm's Deep is over; the battle for Middle-earth is about to begin.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Ugluk: [after beheading an insubordinate Orc attempting to eat Merry and Pippin] Looks like meat's back on the menu, boys!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gandalf: [to Grima] Be silent. Keep your forked tongue behind your teeth. I did not pass through fire and death to bandy crooked words with a witless worm.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [during the Battle of Helm's Deep, Gimli has killed an Uruk-Hai warrior] Gimli: Legolas! Two already! Legolas: I'm on seventeen! Gimli: Huh? I'll have no pointy-ear outscoring me! [kills another one] Legolas: [shoots two more arrows] Nineteen!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Theoden: So much death. What can men do against such reckless hate? Aragorn: Ride out with me. Ride out and meet them. Theoden: For death and glory. Aragorn: For Rohan. For your people. Theoden: The Horn of Helm Hammerhand will sound in the deep, one last time!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gandalf: The veiling shadow that glowers in the East takes shape. Sauron will suffer no rival. From the summit of Barad-dur his eye watches ceaselessly. But he is not so mighty yet that he is above fear. Doubt ever gnaws at him. The rumor has reached him. The heir of Numenor still lives. Sauron fears you, Aragorn. He fears what you may become. And so he will strike hard and fast at the world of Men. He will use his puppet Saruman to destroy Rohan. War is coming. Rohan must defend itself, and therein lies our first challenge, for Rohan is weak and ready to fall. The King's mind is enslaved; it's an old device of Saruman's. His hold over King Theoden is now very strong. Sauron and Saruman are tightening the noose. But, for all their cunning, we have one advantage. The Ring remains hidden. And that we should seek to destroy it has not yet entered their darkest dreams. And so the weapon of the Enemy is moving towards Mordor in the hands of a Hobbit. Each day brings it closer to the fires of Mount Doom. We must trust now in Frodo. Everything depends now upon speed and upon the secrecy of his quest. Do not regret your decision to leave him. Frodo must finish this task alone. Aragorn: He's not alone. Sam went with him. Gandalf: Did he? Did he indeed? Good. Yes, very good.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Theoden: Where is the horse and the rider? Where is the horn that was blowing? They have passed like rain on the mountain, like wind in the meadow. The days have gone down in the West behind the hills into shadow. How did it come to this?

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Eomer: What business does an Elf, Man, and a Dwarf have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly. Gimli: Give me your name, horse-master, and I shall give you mine. Eomer: [dismounts] I would cut off your head, Dwarf, if it stood but a little higher from the ground. Legolas: [draws his bow and aims at arrow at Eomer's throat] You would die before your stroke fell.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Aragorn: You have some skill with a blade. Eowyn: The women of this country learned long ago, those without swords can still die upon them. I fear neither death nor pain. Aragorn: What do you fear, my lady? Eowyn: A cage. To stay behind bars until use and old age accept them and all chance of valor has gone beyond recall or desire. Aragorn: You are a daughter of kings, a shield maiden of Rohan. I do not think that will be your fate.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Elrond: If Aragorn survives this war, you will still be parted. If Sauron is defeated and Aragorn made king and all that you hope for comes true you will still have to taste the bitterness of mortality. Whether by the sword or the slow decay of time, Aragorn will die. And there will be no comfort for you, no comfort to ease the pain of his passing. He will come to death an image of the splendor of the kings of Men in glory undimmed before the breaking of the world. But you, my daughter, you will linger on in darkness and in doubt as nightfall in winter that comes without a star. Here you will dwell bound to your grief under the fading trees until all the world is changed and the long years of your life are utterly spent.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Haldir: I bring word from Lord Elrond of Rivendell. An Alliance once existed between Elves and Men. Long ago we fought and died together. We come to honor that allegiance. Aragorn: Mae govannen, Haldir. You are most welcome. Haldir: We are proud to fight alongside Men once more.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Treebeard: We have just agreed... [Merry and Pippin lean in] Merry: Yes? Treebeard: I have told your names to the Entmoot, and we have agreed you are not Orcs. Pippin: Well, that's good news.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Aragorn: [looking at defenders of Helm's Deep] Farmers, ferriers, stable boys. These are no soldiers. Gimli: Most have seen too many winters. Legolas: Or too few.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gimli: It's true you don't see many Dwarf-women. And in fact, they are so alike in voice and appearance, that they are often mistaken for Dwarf-men. Aragorn: [whispering to Eowyn] It's the beards. Gimli: And this in turn has given rise to the belief that there are no Dwarf-women, and that Dwarves just spring out of holes in the ground! [Eowyn laughs] Gimli: Which is, of course, ridiculous.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Legolas: [in Elvish] You're late. [takes a good look at Aragorn] Legolas: [in English] You look terrible.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [after meeting with Gandalf in Fangorn Forest] Aragorn: In one thing you haven't changed, my friend - you still speak in riddles.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Frodo: We are bound to an errand of secrecy. Those who claim to oppose the enemy would do well not to hinder us. Faramir: The enemy? [He walks to the body of a dead Haradrim soldier that he killed with his bow, and turns him over with his foot] Faramir: His sense of duty was no less than yours, I deem. You wonder what his name is... where he came from. And if he was really evil at heart. What lies or threats led him on this long march from home. If he would not rather have stayed there... in peace. War will make corpses of us all.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [Frodo and Sam are lowering themselvs down a cliff] Sam: Can you see the bottom? Frodo: No. Don't look down, Sam, just keep going! Sam: [drops a small box] Ouagh! Catch It! Grab it, Mr. Frodo! [Frodo catches it, loses his grip and then lands on the ground] Frodo: I think I found the bottom. Sam: It's not natural. None of it. Frodo: What's in this? Sam: Nothin'. Just a bit of seasoning. I thought maybe if we was havin' a roast chicken one night or something... Frodo: Roast chicken? Sam: You never know.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Treebeard: [after seeing the torn-down forest around Isengard] Saruman! A wizard should know better! [loud yell] Treebeard: There is no curse in Elvish, Entish, or the tongues of men for this treachery. Pippin: Look, the trees! They're moving! Merry: Where are they going? Treebeard: They have business with the Orcs. My business is with Isengard tonight, with rock and stone. [Ents emerge from the woods, following Treebeard] Treebeard: Hroom, hm, come, my friends. The Ents are going to war. It is likely that we go to our doom. The last march of the Ents.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [sounds of trees 'speaking' is heard] Aragorn: Gimli, lower your axe. Legolas: They have feelings, my friend. The elves began it, waking up the trees, teaching them to speak. Gimli: Talking trees. What do trees have to talk about, hmm... except the consistency of squirrel droppings?

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [Pippin drinks some Ent-draught, and grows in height] Merry: You're taller. Pippin: Who? Merry: You! Pippin: Than what? Merry: Than *me*! Pippin: I've always been taller than you. Merry: Pippin, everyone knows *I'm* the tall one. *You're* the short one. Pippin: Please, Merry. You're what, three-foot-six? At the most? Whereas me, I'm pushing three-seven, three-eight. Merry: Three-foot-eight? You did something.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Eowyn: Leave me alone, snake! Wormtongue: Oh, but you are alone. Who knows what you have spoken to the darkness, alone, in the bitter watches of the night, when all your life seems to shrink, the walls of your bower closing in about you, a hutch to trammel some wild thing in? So fair, yet so cold like a morning of pale Spring still clinging to Winter's chill. Eowyn: Your words are poison!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [scene from extended version] Gimli: This new Gandalf is more grumpy than the old one.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Theoden: Why should I welcome you, Gandalf Stormcrow? Wormtongue: A just question, my liege. Late is the hour in which this conjurer chooses to appear. "Lathspell" I name him. Ill news is an ill guest.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Treebeard: Many of these trees were my friends. Creatures I had known from nut or acorn. Pippin: I'm sorry, Treebeard. Treebeard: They had voices of their own. Saruman! A wizard should know better!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [Gandalf the White whistles and a white horse appears] Legolas: That is one of the Mearas, unless my eyes are cheated by some spell. Gandalf: Shadowfax. He is the lord of all horses and has been my friend through many dangers.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Legolas: Look at them. They're frightened. You can see it in their eyes. [All the men turn to look at him] Legolas: [in Elvish] And they should be. Three hundred... against ten thousand! Aragorn: [in Elvish] They have a better chance defending themselves here than at Edoras... Legolas: [in Elvish] Aragorn... they cannot win this fight. They are all going to die! Aragorn: [in English] Then I shall die as one of them!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [a wall of soldiers line the ramparts - the top of Gimli's helm barely peeks over the top] Gimli: [to Legolas] You could have picked a better spot.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [last lines] Frodo: Smeagol? Sam: We're not going to wait for you. Come on. Smeagol: Master. Master looks after us. Master wouldn't hurt us. Gollum: Master broke his promise. Smeagol: Don't ask Smeagol. Poor, poor Smeagol. Gollum: Master betrayed us. Wicked. Tricksy, False. We ought to wring his filthy little neck. Kill him! Kill him! Kill them both! And then we take the precious... and we be the master! Smeagol: But the fat Hobbit, he knows. Eyes always watching. Gollum: Then we stabs them out. Put out his eyeses, make him crawl. Smeagol: Yes. Yes. Yes. Gollum: Kill them both. Smeagol: Yes. No! No! It's too risky. It's too risky. Sam: Where is he? Where has he gone? Hey, Gollum! Where are you? Frodo: Smeagol? Gollum: We could let *her* do it. Smeagol: Yes. She could do it. Gollum: Yes, precious, she could. And then we takes it once they're dead. Smeagol: Once they're dead. Shh. [Comes out of hiding] Smeagol: Come on Hobbits. Long ways to go yet. Smeagol will show the way. Gollum: Follow me.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gollum: Oh! Cruel Hobbit! It does not care if we be hungry. It does not care if we should die! Not like Master. Master cares. Master knows. Yes, Precious... [Frodo takes hold of the Ring] Gollum: Once it takes hold of us it never lets go.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Faramir: [to Frodo and Sam] My men tell me that you are Orc spies. Sam: Spies! Now wait just a minute! Faramir: Well, if you're not spies, then who are you? [they remain silent, Faramir sighs and sits] Faramir: Speak! Frodo: We are Hobbits of the Shire. Frodo Baggins is my name and this is Samwise Gamgee. Faramir: Your bodyguard? Sam: His gardener. Faramir: And where is your skulking friend? That gangrel creature. He had an ill-favoured look. Frodo: [reluctant] There was no other. We set out from Rivendell with seven companions. One we lost in Moria. Two were my kin. A dwarf there was also. And an elf. And two men. Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and Boromir of Gondor. Faramir: [solemn] You are a friend of Boromir? Frodo: Yes, for my part. Faramir: It would grieve you then to learn that he is dead. Frodo: [shocked] Dead? How? When? Faramir: As one of his companions, I had hope you would tell me. He was my brother.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gimli: Whatever luck you live by... let's hope it lasts the night. Legolas: Your friends are with you, Aragorn. Gimli: Let's hope they last the night...

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Grima Wormtongue: His staff. I told you to take the Wizard's staff.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [from extended version] Merry: [watching Saruman look out at the ruin of Isengard from the tower] He doesn't look too happy, does he? Pippin: Not too happy at all, Merry. Merry: Still, I suppose the view would be quite nice from up there. Pippin: Oh yes, it's a quality establishment. I hear the staff are VERY good.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ [after Legolas has shot and killed a Warg heading toward Gimli] Gimli: But that one counts as mine!

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Gimli: [to a Warg] Bring your pretty face to my axe.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Eomer: What business does an Elf, a Man, and a Dwarf have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly! Gimli: Give me your name, Horse-master, and I shall give you mine. Eomer: [dismounts his horse] I would cut off your head, Dwarf, if it stood but a little higher from the ground. Legolas: [fits an arrow to his bow at lightning speed] You would die before your stroke fell. [Rohirrim point their spears at Legolas] Aragorn: [signals for Legolas to lower his weapon] I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn. This is Gimli, son of Glóin, and Legolas of the Woodland Realm. We are friends of Rohan, and of Théoden, your King. Eomer: Théoden no longer recognizes friend from foe. Not even his own kin. [takes off helmet] Eomer: Saruman has poisoned the mind of the king and claimed lordship over these lands. My company are those loyal to Rohan, and for that we are banished. The White Wizard is cunning. He walks here and there, they say, as an old man hooded and cloaked. And everywhere his spies slip past our nets. Aragorn: We are no spies. We track a party of Uruk-Hai, westward across the plain. They have taken two of our friends captive. Eomer: The Uruks are destroyed. We slaughtered them during the night. Gimli: But there were two Hobbits! Did you see two Hobbits with 'em? Aragorn: They would be small. Only children to your eyes. Eomer: We left none alive. We piled the carcasses and burned them. Gimli: Dead? Eomer: I am sorry. [Éomer whistles a signal] Eomer: Hasufel! Arod! May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters. Farewell. [puts on helmet, mounts his horse] Eomer: Look for your friends. But do not trust to hope. It has forsaken these lands.

§The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers ¤ Saruman: If the wall is breached, Helm's Deep will fall. Wormtongue: Even if it is breached, it will take a number beyond reckoning, thousands, to storm the keep. Saruman: Tens of thousands. Wormtongue: But, my lord, there is no such force. [they go out onto the balcony, and see an army of ten thousand Uruk-hai]

§Inception ¤ Cobb: What is the most resilient parasite? Bacteria? A virus? An intestinal worm? An idea. Resilient... highly contagious. Once an idea has taken hold of the brain it's almost impossible to eradicate. An idea that is fully formed - fully understood - that sticks; right in there somewhere.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: I need to get home. That's all I care about right now. Ariadne: Why can't you go home? Cobb: Because they think I killed her. Ariadne: [silence] Cobb: Thank you. Ariadne: For what? Cobb: For not asking whether I did.

§Inception ¤ Arthur: It would have to be a 747. Cobb: Why is that? Arthur: Because in a 747, the pilot's up top, and the first class cabin's in the nose, so no one would walk through. But you'd have to buy out the entire cabin. And the first class flight attendant... Saito: I bought the airline. [Everybody turns and stares at him. Saito just shrugs] Saito: It seemed neater.

§Inception ¤ Eames: [Shows up while Arthur is in a gunfight] You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling. [Pulls out a grenade launcher]

§Inception ¤ Ariadne: Why is it so important to dream? Cobb: Because, in my dreams we are together.

§Inception ¤ Ariadne: What's happening? Arthur: Your subconscious is looking for the dreamer; me. Quick, give me a kiss. Ariadne: [She kisses him and then looks around] Ariadne: They're still looking at us. Arthur: Yeah, it was worth a shot.

§Inception ¤ Saito: Don't you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret, waiting to die alone!

§Inception ¤ Cobb: She locked away a secret, deep inside herself, something she once knew to be true... but chose to forget.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: I can't stay with her anymore because she doesn't exist. Mal: I'm the only thing you do believe in anymore. Cobb: I wish. I wish more than anything. But I can't imagine you with all your complexity, all you perfection, all your imperfection. Look at you. You are just a shade of my real wife. You're the best I can do; but I'm sorry, you are just not good enough.

§Inception ¤ [repeated lines] Cobb: You're waiting for a train. A train that'll take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you. But you can't know for sure. Yet it doesn't matter. Now, tell me why? Mal: Because you'll be together!

§Inception ¤ Cobb: [from trailer] Dreams feel real while we're in them. It's only when we wake up that we realize something was actually strange.

§Inception ¤ Saito: Have you come to kill me? I've been waiting for someone... Cobb: Someone from a half remembered dream. Saito: Cobb? Impossible. We were young men together. I'm an old man. Cobb: Filled with regret... Saito: Waiting to die alone... Cobb: I've come back for you... to remind you of something. Something you once knew... [the top spins without end] Cobb: That this world is not real. Saito: To convince me to honor our arrangement. Cobb: To take a leap of faith, yes. Come back... so we can be young men together again. Come back with me... [Saito reaches for the gun] Cobb: Come back...

§Inception ¤ Mal: We'd be together forever. You promised me. Cobb: I know. But we can't. And I'm sorry. Mal: You remember when you asked me to marry you? You said you dreamt that we'd grow old together. Cobb: But we did. We did. You don't remember?... I miss you more than I can bear, but... we had our time together. And I have to let go... I have to let you go.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: I'm going to improvise. Listen, there's something you should know about me... about inception. An idea is like a virus, resilient, highly contagious. The smallest seed of an idea can grow. It can grow to define or destroy you.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: They say we only use a fraction of our brain's true potential. Now that's when we're awake. When we're asleep, we can do almost anything.

§Inception ¤ Arthur: Eames, I am impressed. Eames: Your condescension, as always, is much appreciated, Arthur, thank you.

§Inception ¤ Arthur: So, once we've made the plant, how do we go out? Hope you have something more elegant in mind than shooting me in the head? Cobb: A kick. Ariadne: What's a kick? Eames: This, Ariadne, would be a kick [kicks the leg of the chair Arthur's swinging at] Arthur: [finds his balance and glares at Eames]

§Inception ¤ Cobb: Inception. Now, before you bother telling me it's impossible... Eames: No, it's perfectly possible. It's just bloody difficult.

§Inception ¤ Mal: [Sitting on the ledge, to Cobb] I'm asking you to take a leap of faith. Cobb: No I can't. You know I can't do that. Take a second, think about our children. Think about James. Think about Phillipa now. Mal: If I go without you they'll take them away anyways. Cobb: What does that mean? Mal: I filed a letter with our attourney explaining how I'm fearful for my safety. How you've threatened to kill me. Cobb: Why did you do that? Mal: I love you, Dom. Cobb: Why did you... why-why would you do that? Mal: I freed you from the guilt of choosing to leave them. We're going home to our real children. Cobb: No, no, no, no. Mal you listen to me, alright? Mal look at me, please. Mal: [Closing her eyes] You're waiting for a train... Cobb: Mal, goddammit! Don't do this! Mal: A train that will take you far away... Cobb: James and Phillipa are waiting! Mal: You know where you hope this train will take you... Cobb: They're waiting for us! Mal: But you can't know for sure... Cobb: Mal, look at me! Mal: Yet it doesn't matter... Cobb: Mal, goddammit! Mal: Because you'll be together. Cobb: Sweetheart! Look at me! Mal: [Jumps off of the ledge] Cobb: Mal, no! Jesus Christ!

§Inception ¤ Cobb: What do you want? Saito: Inception. Is it possible? Arthur: Of course not. Saito: If you can steal an idea, why can't you plant one there instead? Arthur: Okay, this is me, planting an idea in your mind. I say: don't think about elephants. What are you thinking about? Saito: Elephants? Arthur: Right, but it's not your idea. The dreamer can always remember the genesis of the idea. True inspiration is impossible to fake. Cobb: No, it's not.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: [notices that he's being followed] That price on my head, was that dead or alive? Eames: Not sure. See if he starts shooting.

§Inception ¤ Maurice Fischer: [Robert opens the vault to see Maurice on his death bed struggling to say something] Disa... disap... disappointed Fischer: I know, Dad. I know you were disappointed I couldn't be you. Maurice Fischer: No. No, no. I was disappointed... that you tried. [Robert opens the safe to find the new Last Will and Testament along with the pinwheel from when he was a kid. The inception has worked]

§Inception ¤ Cobb: "I will split up my father's empire." Now, this is obviously an idea that Robert himself would choose to reject. Which is why we need to plant it deep in his subconscious. Subconscious is motivated by emotion, right? Not reason. We need to find a way to translate this into an emotional concept. Arthur: How do you translate a business strategy into an emotion? Cobb: That's what we're here to figure out, right? Now, Robert's relationship with his father is stressed, to say the least. Eames: Well, can we run with that? We could suggest to him breaking up his father's company as a "screw-you" to the old man. Cobb: No, 'cause I think positive emotion trumps negative emotion every time. We all yearn for reconciliation, for catharsis. We need Robert Fischer to have a positive emotional reaction to all this. Eames: Alright, we'll try this, umm... "My father accepts that I want to create for myself, not follow in his footsteps." Cobb: That might work. Arthur: Might? We're gonna need to do a little better than 'might'. Eames: Oh, thank you for your contribution, Arthur. Arthur: Forgive me for wanting a little specificity, Eames. [Eames appears confused at the word] Arthur: Specificity?

§Inception ¤ Yusuf: [after surviving a roll with the van] Did you see that? [realizes that everyone else in the van is asleep]

§Inception ¤ Mal: I'll tell you a riddle. You're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you, but you don't know for sure. But it doesn't matter. How can it not matter to you where that train will take you?

§Inception ¤ Fischer: Couldn't somebody have dreamt up a goddamn beach?

§Inception ¤ Eames: If we are gonna perform Inception then we need imagination.

§Inception ¤ Yusuf: Brain function in the dream will be about twenty times to normal. When you enter a dream within that dream, the effect is compounded: it's three dreams, that's ten hours times twen... Eames: I'm sorry, uh, maths was never my strong subject. How much time is that? Cobb: It's a week the first level down. Six months the second level down, and... the third level... Ariadne: ...is ten years! Who would wanna be stuck in a dream for ten years? Yusuf: Depends on the dream.

§Inception ¤ Ariadne: Why are they all looking at me? Cobb: Because my subconscious feels that someone else is creating this world. The more you change things, the quicker the projections start to converge on you. Ariadne: Converge? Cobb: It's the foreign nature of the dreamer. They attack like white blood cells fighting an infection. Ariadne: They're going to attack us? Cobb: No. Just you.

§Inception ¤ Eames: They come here every day to sleep? Elderly Bald Man: [towards Cobb] No. They come to be woken up. The dream has become their reality. Who are you to say otherwise, son?

§Inception ¤ Cobb: You create the world of the dream, you bring the subject into that dream, and they fill it with their subconscious. Ariadne: How could I ever acquire enough detail to make them think that its reality? Cobb: Well dreams, they feel real while we're in them, right? It's only when we wake up that we realize how things are actually strange. Let me ask you a question, you, you never really remember the beginning of a dream do you? You always wind up right in the middle of what's going on. Ariadne: I guess, yeah. Cobb: So how did we end up here? Ariadne: Well we just came from the a... Cobb: Think about it Ariadne, how did you get here? Where are you right now? Ariadne: We're dreaming? Cobb: You're actually in the middle of the workshop right now, sleeping. This is your first lesson in shared dreaming. Stay calm.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: [about Mal] She had locked something away, something deep inside her. The truth that she had once known, but... she chose to forget. Limbo became her reality. Ariadne: What happened when you woke up? Cobb: To wake up from that after, after years, after decades... after we'd become old souls thrown back into youth like that... I knew something was wrong with her. She just wouldn't admit it. Eventually, she told me the truth. She was possessed by an idea, this one, very simple idea, that changed everything. That our world wasn't real. That she needed to wake up to come back to reality, that, in order to get back home, we had to kill ourselves.

§Inception ¤ Mal: What are you doing here? Ariadne: My name is... Mal: I know who you are. What are you doing here? Ariadne: I'm just trying to understand... Mal: How could you understand? Do you know what it is to be a lover? To be half of a whole? Ariadne: No... Mal: I'll tell you a riddle. You're waiting for a train. A train that will take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you; but you don't know for sure. But it doesn't matter. How can it not matter to you where that train will take you? Cobb: Because you'll be together.

§Inception ¤ Arthur: So, a totem. It's a small object, potentially heavy, something you can have on you all the time... Ariadne: What, like a coin? Arthur: No, it has to be more unique than that, like - this is a loaded die. [Ariadne reaches out to take the die] Arthur: Nah, I can't let you touch it, that would defeat the purpose. See only I know the balance and weight of this particular loaded die. That way when you look at your totem, you know beyond a doubt you're not in someone else's dream.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: I knew Inception was possible because I'd done it to my wife.

§Inception ¤ Eames: Great. Thank you. So, now we're trapped in Fischer's mind battling his own private army, and if we get killed, we'll be lost in limbo till our brains turn to scrambled egg.

§Inception ¤ [creates a whole new location out of two mirrors] Cobb: Very impressive. [notices Mal; flashback of himself and Mal on the same bridge] Cobb: I know this bridge. This place is real, isn't it? Ariadne: Yeah, I cross it everyday on the way to the college. Cobb: Never recreate places from your memory. Always imagine new places. Ariadne: Well, you gotta draw from stuff you know, right? Cobb: Only use details, a street lamp or a phone booth, never entire areas. Ariadne: Why not? Cobb: Because building a dream from your memory is the easiest way to lose your grasp on what's real and what is a dream. Ariadne: Is that what happened to you? [grabs her arm] Cobb: Hey listen to me. This has nothing to do with me. Understand? Ariadne: Is that why you need me to build your dreams?

§Inception ¤ Saito: You remind me of someone... a man I met in a half-remembered dream. He was possessed of some radical notions.

§Inception ¤ Ariadne: That's some subconscious you've got on you, Cobb! She's a real charmer! Arthur: Oh, I see you've met Mrs Cobb.

§Inception ¤ Ariadne: Cobb can't build anymore, can he? Arthur: I don't know if he can't, but he won't. He thinks it's safer if he doesn't know the layouts. Ariadne: Why? Arthur: He won't tell me. But I think it's Mal. Ariadne: His ex-wife? Arthur: No, not his ex. Ariadne: They're still together? Arthur: No, she... she's dead. What you see in there is just his projection of her. Ariadne: What was she like in real life? Arthur: She was lovely.

§Inception ¤ Arthur: What about his security? It's gonna get worse as we go deeper. Cobb: I think we run with Mr. Charles. Arthur: No. Eames: Who's Mr. Charles? Arthur: Bad idea. Cobb: The second we get in that hotel with Fischer, his security is gonna be all over us. We run with Mr. Charles like we did on the Stein job. Eames: So you've done it before? Arthur: Yeah, and it didn't work. The subject realized he was dreaming and his subconscious tore us to pieces. Eames: Excellent. But you learned a lot, right?

§Inception ¤ Arthur: Where were you? What happened to you? Cobb: Got blocked by a freight train. Arthur: [to Ariadne] Why would you put a train course in the middle of a downtown intersection? Ariadne: Why, I didn't. Arthur: Where did it come from? Cobb: Let me ask you a question, why the hell were we ambushed, huh? Those were not normal projections. They've been trained, for God's sakes! Arthur: You're right. Ariadne: How could they be trained? Arthur: Fischer's had an extractor teach his subconscious to defend itself, so, his subconscious has militarized. It should have shown in the research. I'm sorry.

§Inception ¤ Saito: [thinking it's Eames shape shifted into Browning] Hey, I see you've changed. Peter Browning: [confused] Sorry? Eames: [appears in the background and silently warns Saito it's not him] Saito: Ahh... I'm sorry. I mistook you for a friend. Peter Browning: Well, good-looking fellow, I'm sure. Eames: That's Fischer's projection of Browning. Let's follow him and see how he behaves. Saito: Why? Eames: Because how he acts will tell us if Fischer is starting to suspect him just the way we want him to.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: I think positive emotion trumps negative emotion every time.

§Inception ¤ [Saito has been shot in the chest] Cobb: How's he doing? Ariadne: He's in a lot of pain. Cobb: When we get down to the lower levels, the pain will be less intense. Ariadne: And if he dies? Cobb: Worst case scenario? When he wakes up, his mind is completely gone. Saito: Cobb. I'll still honor the arrangement. Cobb: I appreciate that, Saito, but when you wake up, you won't even remember that we had an arrangement. Limbo's gonna become your reality. You're gonna be lost down there so long that you're gonna become an old man. Saito: Filled with regret. Cobb: Waiting to die alone. Saito: No. I'll come back. And we'll be young men together again.

§Inception ¤ Cobb: Never recreate from your memory. Always imagine new places!

§Inception ¤ Arthur: You. What the hell was all that? Cobb: I have it under control. Arthur: I'd hate to see it out of control.

§Inception ¤ Mal: You keep telling yourself what you know. But what do you believe? What do you feel? Cobb: Guilt.

§Inception ¤ Mal: Do you know what it is to be a lover? Half of a whole?

§Inception ¤ Ariadne: These aren't just dreams. These are memories. And you said never to use memories. Cobb: I know I did. Ariadne: You're trying to keep her alive. You can't let her go. Cobb: You don't understand. These are moments I regret, the memories that I have to change.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Luke: All right, I'll give it a try. Yoda: No. Try not. Do... or do not. There is no try.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: There is no escape. Don't make me destroy you. [pauses] Darth Vader: Luke, you do not yet realize your importance. You have only begun to discover your power. Join me, and I will complete your training. With our combined strength, we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy. Luke: I'll never join you! Darth Vader: If you only knew the power of the Dark Side. Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father. Luke: He told me enough! He told me *you* killed him! Darth Vader: No. *I* am your father. Luke: No. No. That's not true. That's impossible! Darth Vader: Search your feelings, you *know* it to be true! Luke: [anguished] No! No!

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [Using the Force, Yoda effortlessly frees the X-Wing from the bog] Luke: I don't, I don't believe it. Yoda: That is why you fail.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Han Solo: [as Chewie tries to fight off the imperials and free Han] No! Stop, Chewie, stop! Chewie! Chewie this won't help me! Hey! Save your strength. There'll be another time. The Princess. You have to take care of her. You hear me? Huh? [Leia and Han share a passionate kiss before Han is dragged towards the freezing chamber by the imperials] Princess Leia: I love you. Han Solo: I know.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Luke: I won't fail you. I'm not afraid. Yoda: You will be. You... will... be.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: I am wondering, why are you here? Luke: I'm looking for someone. Yoda: Looking? Found someone, you have, I would say, hmmm? Luke: Right... Yoda: Help you I can. Yes, mmmm. Luke: I don't think so. I'm looking for a great warrior. Yoda: Ohhh. Great warrior. [laughs and shakes his head] Yoda: Wars not make one great.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ C-3PO: Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately 3,720 to 1. Han Solo: Never tell me the odds.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Princess Leia: [annoyed] Why, you stuck up... half-witted... scruffy-looking... Nerf-herder! Han Solo: [shocked] Who's scruffy-looking?

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [Luke can't levitate his X-Wing out of the bog] Luke: I can't. It's too big. Yoda: Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [after choking Captain Needa to death] Darth Vader: Apology accepted, Captain Needa.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: Ready are you? What know you of ready? For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi. My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained. A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm? What he was doing. Hmph! Adventure. Heh! Excitement. Heh! A Jedi craves not these things. You are reckless!

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: Yes, run! Yes, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side. Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice. Luke: Vader... Is the dark side stronger? Yoda: No, no, no. Quicker, easier, more seductive. Luke: But how am I to know the good side from the bad? Yoda: You will know... when you are calm, at peace, passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, NEVER for attack. Luke: But tell my why I can't... Yoda: No, no! There is no "why".

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: Why wish you become Jedi? Luke: Well, mostly because of my father, I guess. Yoda: Ahh... father. Powerful Jedi was he. Powerful Jedi. Luke: [suspicious] Oh, come on! How can you know my father? You don't even know who I am. Oh, I don't even know what I'm doing here! We're wasting our time! Yoda: [Looking away from Luke] I cannot teach him. The boy has no patience. Obi-Wan: [voice-over] He will learn patience. Yoda: Much anger in him... like his father. Obi-Wan: [voice] Was I any different when you taught me?

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Luke: There's something not right here... I feel cold. Death. Yoda: [points to a cave opening beneath a large tree] That place... is strong with the dark side of the Force. A domain of evil it is. In you must go. Luke: What's in there? Yoda: Only what you take with you.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Han Solo: Hey, Your Worship, I'm only trying to help. Princess Leia: Would you please stop calling me that? Han Solo: Sure, Leia. Princess Leia: You make it so difficult sometimes. Han Solo: I do, I really do. You could be a little nicer, though. Come on, admit it. Sometimes you think I'm all right. Princess Leia: Occasionally, maybe... when you aren't acting like a scoundrel. Han Solo: Scoundrel? Scoundrel... I like the sound of that. [Han starts to massage Leia's hand] Princess Leia: Stop that. Han Solo: Stop what? Princess Leia: [timidly] Stop that. My hands are dirty. Han Solo: My hands are dirty, too. What are you afraid of? Princess Leia: Afraid? Han Solo: You're trembling. Princess Leia: I'm not trembling. [Han moves in closer] Han Solo: You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life. Princess Leia: I happen to like nice men. Han Solo: I'm a nice man. Princess Leia: No, you're not... [they kiss]

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: Calrissian. Take the princess and the Wookie to my ship. Lando: You said they'd be left at the city under my supervision! Darth Vader: I am altering the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Princess Leia: You're not actually going IN to an asteroid field? Han Solo: They'd be crazy to follow us, wouldn't they?

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [Han has decided to go searching for Luke] Echo Base Officer: Your Tauntaun will freeze before you reach the first marker! Han Solo: Then I'll see you in Hell!

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: Control, control, you must learn control!

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Han Solo: You said you wanted to be around when I made a mistake, well, this could be it, sweetheart. Princess Leia: I take it back.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [Luke's ship sinks into the mud] Luke: We'll never get it out now! Yoda: So certain are you. Always with you what cannot be done. Hear you nothing that I say?

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: Your weapons, you will not need them.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: Luke, you can destroy the Emperor. He has foreseen this. It is your destiny. Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [the Millennium Falcon, under siege, won't start] Princess Leia: [sarcastic] Would it help if I got out and pushed? Han Solo: [also sarcastic] It might!

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Han Solo: Afraid I was gonna leave without giving you a goodbye kiss? Princess Leia: I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee. Han Solo: I can arrange that. You could use a good kiss.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Han Solo: [cutting open his dead Tauntaun and shoving Luke inside] This may smell bad, kid, but it'll keep you warm until I get the shelter up... Ugh. And I thought they smelled bad on the *outside*.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Han Solo: Well Princess, it looks like you managed to keep me here a while longer. Princess Leia: I had nothing to do with it. General Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for anyone to leave the system until they've activated the energy shield. Han Solo: That's a good story. I think you just can't bear to let a gorgeous guy like me out of your sight. Princess Leia: I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain. [Chewbacca laughs] Han Solo: Laugh it up, fuzzball.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ C-3PO: [Interrupting Han and Leia kissing] Sir. Sir, I've isolated the reverse, power flux coupling. Han Solo: Thank you. Thank you very much. C-3PO: Oh you're perfectly welcome, sir.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Boba Fett: What if he doesn't survive? He's worth a lot to me. Darth Vader: The Empire will compensate you, if he dies. Put him in.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Leia: They're getting closer. Han Solo: Oh, yeah? Watch this. [he throws the hyperdrive lever, the engine sputters and dies] Leia: Watch what? Han Solo: I think we're in trouble. C-3PO: If I may say so, sir, I noticed earlier the hyperdrive motivator has been damaged. It's impossible to go to lightspeed! Han Solo: We're in trouble!

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ C-3PO: Don't worry about Master Luke. I'm sure he'll be all right. He's quite clever, you know... for a human being.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [first lines] Luke: Echo Three to Echo Seven. Han, old buddy, do you read me? Han Solo: Loud and clear, kid. What's up? Luke: Well, I finished my circle. I don't pick up any life readings. Han Solo: There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser. Sensors are placed. I'm going back. Luke: Right. I'll see you shortly. There's a meteorite that hit the ground near here. I want to check it out. It won't take long.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: You must unlearn what you have learned.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [a tremor knocks Leia into Solo's arms] Princess Leia: Let go. Han Solo: Shh. Princess Leia: Let go, please. Han Solo: Don't get excited. Princess Leia: Captain, being held by you isn't quite enough to get me excited. Han Solo: Sorry sweetheart. I haven't got time for anything else.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Princess Leia: I love you. Han Solo: I know.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: Impressive. Most impressive. Obi-Wan has taught you well. You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Luke: I don't know. I feel like... Yoda: Feel like what? [Luke whips around and pulls out his blaster in defense] Luke: Like we're being watched. Yoda: Away put your weapon. I mean you no harm.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: [having cornered Luke during their lightsaber battle] You are beaten. It is useless to resist. Don't let yourself be destroyed as Obi-Wan did.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [last lines] Lando: Princess, we'll find Han. I promise. Luke: Chewie, I'll be waiting for your signal. Take care, you two. May the force be with you.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Yoda: [to Luke] How do you get so big eating food of this kind?

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Princess Leia: Han, we need you. Han Solo: *We* need? Princess Leia: Yes. Han Solo: Well, what about *you* need? Princess Leia: I need? I don't know what you are talking about. Han Solo: You probably don't. Princess Leia: What precisely am I supposed to know? Han Solo: Come on. You want me to stay because of the way you feel about me. Princess Leia: Yes, you're great help to us. You're a natural leader. Han Solo: No! That's not it. Come on. Come on! Princess Leia: You're imagining things. Han Solo: Am I? Then why are you following me? Afraid I was gonna leave without giving you a goodbye kiss? Princess Leia: I'd just as soon kiss a wookiee. Han Solo: I can arrange that. [Han walks away] Han Solo: You could use a good kiss!

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [heading into a cave on a large asteroid] Princess Leia: I hope you know what you're doing. Han Solo: Yeah, me too.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Princess Leia: The cave is collapsing. Han Solo: This is no cave.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: The force is with you, young Skywalker, but you are not a Jedi yet.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: [1:06:12] There will be a substantial reward for the one who finds the Millennium Falcon. You are free to use any methods necessary, but I want them alive. No disintegrations. Boba Fett: As you wish.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Darth Vader: Yes, Admiral? Admiral Piett: Our ships have sighted the Millennium Falcon, my Lord. But it has entered an asteroid field and we cannot risk... Darth Vader: [interrupting] Asteroids do not concern me, Admiral! I want that ship, not excuses! Admiral Piett: Yes, my Lord.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Princess Leia: [to Han] Well, I guess you don't know everything about women yet. [Leia gives Luke a kiss in front of Han]

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ Echo Base Officer: Echo station 3-T-8, we have spotted Imperial walkers.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ C-3PO: Oh. They've encased him in Carbonite. He should be quite well protected. If he survived the freezing process, that is. Darth Vader: Well, Calrissian, did he survive? Lando: Yes, he's alive, and in perfect hibernation. Darth Vader: He's all yours, bounty hunter. Reset the chamber for Skywalker.

§Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ¤ [Darth Vader has just learned of Admiral Ozzel's big blunder, and activates a viewscreen] Admiral Ozzel: [appearing onscreen with Captain Piett] Lord Vader, the fleet has moved out of lightspeed and we're preparing to... [Ozzel stops, and suddenly begins to choke, clutching at his throat] Darth Vader: You have failed me for the last time, Admiral! Captain Piett? Captain Piett: Yes, my lord? Darth Vader: Make ready to land our troops beyond their energy field, and deploy the fleet, so that nothing gets off the system. [beside Piett, Admiral Ozzel utters one last strangled gasp, and falls over dead] Darth Vader: You are in command now... Admiral Piett! Admiral Piett: Thank you, Lord Vader. I won't fail you.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill - the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes.

§The Matrix ¤ Agent Smith: I'd like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realized that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus. Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet. You're a plague and we are the cure.

§The Matrix ¤ Neo: What are you trying to tell me? That I can dodge bullets? Morpheus: No, Neo. I'm trying to tell you that when you're ready, you won't have to.

§The Matrix ¤ Spoon boy: Do not try and bend the spoon. That's impossible. Instead... only try to realize the truth. Neo: What truth? Spoon boy: There is no spoon. Neo: There is no spoon? Spoon boy: Then you'll see, that it is not the spoon that bends, it is only yourself.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: Neo, sooner or later you're going to realize just as I did that there's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.

§The Matrix ¤ [last lines] Neo: I know you're out there. I can feel you now. I know that you're afraid... you're afraid of us. You're afraid of change. I don't know the future. I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end. I came here to tell you how it's going to begin. I'm going to hang up this phone, and then I'm going to show these people what you don't want them to see. I'm going to show them a world without you. A world without rules and controls, without borders or boundaries. A world where anything is possible. Where we go from there is a choice I leave to you.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: What is real? How do you define 'real'? If you're talking about what you can feel, what you can smell, what you can taste and see, then 'real' is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: You have to let it all go, Neo. Fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: Have you ever had a dream, Neo, that you were so sure was real? What if you were unable to wake from that dream? How would you know the difference between the dream world and the real world?

§The Matrix ¤ Oracle: You're cuter than I thought. I can see why she likes you. Neo: Who? Oracle: Not too bright, though.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: I imagine that right now, you're feeling a bit like Alice. Tumbling down the rabbit hole? Hmm? Neo: You could say that. Morpheus: I see it in your eyes. You have the look of a man who accepts what he sees because he is expecting to wake up. Ironically, that's not far from the truth. Do you believe in fate, Neo? Neo: No. Morpheus: Why not? Neo: Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life. Morpheus: I know *exactly* what you mean. Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me. Do you know what I'm talking about? Neo: The Matrix. Morpheus: Do you want to know what it is? Neo: Yes. Morpheus: The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in this very room. You can see it when you look out your window or when you turn on your television. You can feel it when you go to work... when you go to church... when you pay your taxes. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth. Neo: What truth? Morpheus: That you are a slave, Neo. Like everyone else you were born into bondage. Into a prison that you cannot taste or see or touch. A prison for your mind.

§The Matrix ¤ Agent Smith: Did you know that the first Matrix was designed to be a perfect human world? Where none suffered, where everyone would be happy. It was a disaster. No one would accept the program. Entire crops were lost. Some believed we lacked the programming language to describe your perfect world. But I believe that, as a species, human beings define their reality through suffering and misery. The perfect world was a dream that your primitive cerebrum kept trying to wake up from. Which is why the Matrix was redesigned to this: the peak of your civilization. I say your civilization, because as soon as we started thinking for you it really became our civilization, which is of course what this is all about. Evolution, Morpheus, evolution. Like the dinosaur. Look out that window. You've had your time. The future is *our* world, Morpheus. The future is our time.

§The Matrix ¤ Cypher: You know, I know this steak doesn't exist. I know that when I put it in my mouth, the Matrix is telling my brain that it is juicy and delicious. After nine years, you know what I realize? [Takes a bite of steak] Cypher: Ignorance is bliss.

§The Matrix ¤ Mouse: To deny our own impulses is to deny the very thing that makes us human.

§The Matrix ¤ Neo: Why do my eyes hurt? Morpheus: You've never used them before.

§The Matrix ¤ Agent Smith: Never send a human to do a machine's job.

§The Matrix ¤ Neo: I thought it wasn't real Morpheus: Your mind makes it real Neo: If you're killed in the matrix, you die here? Morpheus: The body cannot live without the mind

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: What are you waiting for? You're faster than this. Don't think you are, know you are. Come on. Stop trying to hit me and hit me.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: I'm trying to free your mind, Neo. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it.

§The Matrix ¤ Oracle: I'd ask you to sit down, but, you're not going to anyway. And don't worry about the vase. Neo: What vase? [Neo turns to look for a vase, and as he does, he knocks over a vase of flowers, which shatters on the floor] Oracle: That vase. Neo: I'm sorry... Oracle: I said don't worry about it. I'll get one of my kids to fix it. Neo: How did you know? Oracle: Ohh, what's really going to bake your noodle later on is, would you still have broken it if I hadn't said anything?

§The Matrix ¤ Tank: So what do you need? Besides a miracle. Neo: Guns. Lots of guns.

§The Matrix ¤ Trinity: Neo... nobody has ever done this before. Neo: That's why it's going to work.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: The Matrix is a system, Neo. That system is our enemy. But when you're inside, you look around, what do you see? Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters. The very minds of the people we are trying to save. But until we do, these people are still a part of that system and that makes them our enemy. You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged. And many of them are so inured, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it. [Neo's eyes suddenly wander towards a woman in a red dress] Morpheus: Were you listening to me, Neo? Or were you looking at the woman in the red dress? Neo: I was... Morpheus: [gestures with one hand] Look again. [the woman in the red dress is now Agent Smith, pointing a gun at Neo's head; Neo ducks] Morpheus: Freeze it. [Everybody and everything besides Neo and Morpheus freezes in time] Neo: This... this isn't the Matrix? Morpheus: No. It is another training program designed to teach you one thing: if you are not one of us, you are one of them.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself.

§The Matrix ¤ Agent Smith: You hear that Mr. Anderson?... That is the sound of inevitability... It is the sound of your death... Goodbye, Mr. Anderson... Neo: My name... is Neo.

§The Matrix ¤ Trinity: My name's Trinity. Neo: *The* Trinity? Who cracked the IRS d-base? Trinity: That was a long time ago. Neo: Jesus... Trinity: What? Neo: I just thought... you were a guy. Trinity: Most guys do.

§The Matrix ¤ Trinity: I know why you're here, Neo. I know what you've been doing... why you hardly sleep, why you live alone, and why night after night, you sit by your computer. You're looking for him. I know because I was once looking for the same thing. And when he found me, he told me I wasn't really looking for him. I was looking for an answer. It's the question that drives us, Neo. It's the question that brought you here. You know the question, just as I did. Neo: What is the Matrix? Trinity: The answer is out there, Neo, and it's looking for you, and it will find you if you want it to.

§The Matrix ¤ Agent Smith: We're willing to wipe the slate clean, give you a fresh start. All that we're asking in return is your cooperation in bringing a known terrorist to justice. Neo: Yeah. Well, that sounds like a pretty good deal. But I think I may have a better one. How about, I give you the finger [He does] Neo: and you give me my phone call.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: How did I beat you? Neo: You... you're too fast. Morpheus: Do you believe that my being stronger or faster has anything to do with my muscles in this place? Do you think that's air you're breathing now?

§The Matrix ¤ Oracle: Do you know what that means? [points to a banner] Oracle: It's Latin. It means know thy self. I wanna tell you a little secret, being the one is just like being in love. No one needs to tell you you are in love, you just know it, through and through.

§The Matrix ¤ Agent Smith: It seems that you've been living two lives. One life, you're Thomas A. Anderson, program writer for a respectable software company. You have a social security number, pay your taxes, and you... help your landlady carry out her garbage. The other life is lived in computers, where you go by the hacker alias "Neo" and are guilty of virtually every computer crime we have a law for. One of these lives has a future, and one of them does not.

§The Matrix ¤ Trinity: [Pointing a gun point-blank at an agent's head] Dodge this. [Shoots him]

§The Matrix ¤ Agent Smith: I hate this place. This zoo. This prison. This reality, whatever you want to call it, I can't stand it any longer. It's the smell, if there is such a thing. I feel saturated by it. I can taste your stink and every time I do, I fear that I've somehow been infected by it. It's -- it's repulsive! Isn't it? I must get out of here. I must get free... and in this mind is the key, my key. Once Zion is destroyed, there is no need for me to be here. Do you understand? I need the codes, I have to get inside Zion and you have to tell me how. You're going to tell me, or you're going to die!

§The Matrix ¤ Trinity: Neo, I'm not afraid anymore. The Oracle told me that I would fall in love and that that man... the man that I loved would be The One. So you see, you can't be dead. You can't be... because I love you. You hear me? I love you. [Trinity kisses Neo; Neo's vital signs return] Trinity: Now get up!

§The Matrix ¤ Neo: Yeah. That sounds like a really good deal. But I got a better one. How about... I give you the finger... and you give me my phone call? Agent Smith: Mr. Anderson... you disappoint me. Neo: You can't scare me with this Gestapo crap. I know my rights. I want my phone call. Agent Smith: Tell me, Mr. Anderson... what good is a phone call... if you're unable to speak?

§The Matrix ¤ Cypher: I know what you're thinking, 'cause right now I'm thinking the same thing. Actually, I've been thinking it ever since I got here: Why oh why didn't I take the BLUE pill?

§The Matrix ¤ Trinity: Please Neo, you have to trust me. Neo: Why? Trinity: Because you have been down there Neo, you know that road, you know exactly where it ends. And I know that's not where you want to be.

§The Matrix ¤ Tank: We're supposed to start with these operation programs first. That's major boring shit. Let's do something a little more fun. How about... combat training. Neo: Ju jitsu? I'm gonna learn Ju jitsu. [Tank winks and loads the program] Neo: Holy shit! Tank: Hey Mikey, I think he likes it. How about some more? Neo: Hell, yes. Hell yeah.

§The Matrix ¤ Neo: I know kung fu. Morpheus: [eyeing him, hand on chin] Show me.

§The Matrix ¤ Tank: Here you go, buddy; "Breakfast of Champions." Mouse: If you close your eyes, it almost feels like you're eating runny eggs. Apoc: Yeah, or a bowl of snot. Mouse: Do you know what it really reminds me of? Tasty Wheat. Did you ever eat Tasty Wheat? Switch: No, but technically, neither did you. Mouse: That's exactly my point. Exactly. Because you have to wonder: how do the machines know what Tasty Wheat tasted like? Maybe they got it wrong. Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything. Apoc: Shut up, Mouse.

§The Matrix ¤ [Neo sees a black cat walk by them, and then a similar black cat walk by them just like the first one] Neo: Whoa. Déjà vu. [Everyone freezes right in their tracks] Trinity: What did you just say? Neo: Nothing. Just had a little déjà vu. Trinity: What did you see? Cypher: What happened? Neo: A black cat went past us, and then another that looked just like it. Trinity: How much like it? Was it the same cat? Neo: It might have been. I'm not sure. Morpheus: Switch! Apoc! Neo: What is it? Trinity: A déjà vu is usually a glitch in the Matrix. It happens when they change something.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: The pill you took is part of a trace program. It's designed to disrupt your input/output carrier signal so we can pinpoint your location. Neo: What does that mean? Cypher: It means fasten your seat belt Dorothy, 'cause Kansas is going bye-bye.

§The Matrix ¤ Oracle: OK, now I'm supposed to say, "Hmm, that's interesting, but... " then you say... Neo: ..."but what?" Oracle: But... you already know what I'm going to tell you. Neo: I'm not The One. Oracle: Sorry, kid. You got the gift, but it looks like you're waiting for something. Neo: What? Oracle: Your next life, maybe. Who knows? That's the way these things go.

§The Matrix ¤ Trinity: What's he doing? Morpheus: He's beginning to believe.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: We've survived by hiding from them, by running from them. But they are the gatekeepers. They are guarding all the doors, they are holding all the keys. Which means that sooner or later, someone is going to have to fight them. Neo: Someone? Morpheus: I've seen an agent punch through a concrete wall; men have emptied entire clips at them and hit nothing but air; yet, their strength, and their speed, are still based in a world that is built on rules. Because of that, they will never be as strong, or as fast, as *you* can be.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: [to Neo who is choosing the red pill] Remember... all I'm offering is the truth. Nothing more.

§The Matrix ¤ [Neo walks through a metal detector in the lobby and is approached by a security guard after it goes off] Security guard: Could you please remove any metallic items you may be carrying, keys, loose change... [Neo opens his trench coat to reveal dozens of guns underneath] Security guard: Holy shit! [Neo knocks the guard down and shoots the other guards]

§The Matrix ¤ Lieutenant: I think we can handle one little girl. I sent two units, they're bringing her down now. Agent Smith: No lieutenant, your men are already dead.

§The Matrix ¤ Tank: Neo, this has to be done. Neo: Does it? I don't know. This can't be just coincidence. It can't be. Tank: What are you talking about? Neo: The Oracle. She told me this would happen. She told me that I would have to make a choice. Trinity: What choice? [Neo walks away] Trinity: What are you doing? Neo: I'm going in. Trinity: No, you're not. Neo: I have to. Trinity: Neo, Morpheus sacrificed himself so we could get you out. There is no way you're going back in. Neo: Morpheus did what he did because he believes something I'm not. Trinity: What? Neo: I'm not the one, Trinity. The Oracle hit me with that too. Trinity: No, you have to be. Neo: I'm sorry, I'm not. I'm just another guy. Trinity: No, Neo, that's not true. It can't be true. Neo: Why? [no response, Neo walks away again] Tank: Neo, this is loco. They've got Morpheus in a military-controlled building. Even if you somehow got inside, those are agents holding him. Three of them. I want Morpheus back too but what you're talking about is suicide. Neo: I know that's what it looks like, but it's not. I can't explain to you why it's not. Morpheus believes in something and he was ready to give his life, I understand that now. That's why I have to go. Tank: Why? Neo: Because I believe in something. Trinity: What? Neo: I believe I can bring him back.

§The Matrix ¤ Morpheus: Throughout human history, we have been dependent on machines to survive. Fate, it seems, is not without a sense of irony.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] As far back as I can remember I always wanted to be a gangster.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: You're a pistol, you're really funny. You're really funny. Tommy DeVito: What do you mean I'm funny? Henry Hill: It's funny, you know. It's a good story, it's funny, you're a funny guy. [laughs] Tommy DeVito: What do you mean, you mean the way I talk? What? Henry Hill: It's just, you know. You're just funny, it's... funny, you know the way you tell the story and everything. Tommy DeVito: [it becomes quiet] Funny how? What's funny about it? Anthony Stabile: Tommy no, you got it all wrong. Tommy DeVito: Oh, oh, Anthony. He's a big boy, he knows what he said. What did ya say? Funny how? Henry Hill: Jus... Tommy DeVito: What? Henry Hill: Just... ya know... you're funny. Tommy DeVito: You mean, let me understand this cause, ya know maybe it's me, I'm a little fucked up maybe, but I'm funny how, I mean funny like I'm a clown, I amuse you? I make you laugh, I'm here to fuckin' amuse you? What do you mean funny, funny how? How am I funny? Henry Hill: Just... you know, how you tell the story, what? Tommy DeVito: No, no, I don't know, you said it. How do I know? You said I'm funny. How the fuck am I funny, what the fuck is so funny about me? Tell me, tell me what's funny! Henry Hill: [long pause] Get the fuck out of here, Tommy! Tommy DeVito: [everyone laughs] Ya motherfucker! I almost had him, I almost had him. Ya stuttering prick ya. Frankie, was he shaking? I wonder about you sometimes, Henry. You may fold under questioning.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] Paulie may have moved slow, but it was only because Paulie didn't have to move for anybody.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] You know, we always called each other good fellas. Like you said to, uh, somebody, "You're gonna like this guy. He's all right. He's a good fella. He's one of us." You understand? We were good fellas. Wiseguys. But Jimmy and I could never be made because we had Irish blood. It didn't even matter that my mother was Sicilian. To become a member of a crew you've got to be one hundred per cent Italian so they can trace all your relatives back to the old country. See, it's the highest honor they can give you. It means you belong to a family and crew. It means that nobody can fuck around with you. It also means you could fuck around with anybody just as long as they aren't also a member. It's like a license to steal. It's a license to do anything. As far as Jimmy was concerned with Tommy being made, it was like we were all being made. We would now have one of our own as a member.

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: No more shines, Billy. Billy Batts: What? Tommy DeVito: I said, no more shines. Maybe you didn't hear about it, you've been away a long time. They didn't go up there and tell you. I don't shine shoes anymore. Billy Batts: Relax, will ya? Ya flip right out, what's got into you? I'm breaking your balls a little bit, that's all. I'm only kidding with ya... Tommy DeVito: Sometimes you don't sound like you're kidding, you know, there's a lotta people around... Billy Batts: I'm only kidding with you, we're having a party, I just came home and I haven't seen you in a long time and I'm breaking your balls, and you're getting fucking fresh. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you. Tommy DeVito: I'm sorry too. It's okay. No problem. Billy Batts: Okay, salud. Billy Batts: [takes a drink] Now go home and get your fuckin' shinebox. Tommy DeVito: Mother fuckin' mutt! You, you fucking piece of shit! Billy Batts: [taunting] Yeah, yeah, yeah, come on, come on, come on! Tommy DeVito: Motherfucking... He bought his fucking button! That fake old tough guy! You bought your fucking button! You mother fuck... Fuck! Keep that motherfucker here, keep him here! [leaves]

§Goodfellas ¤ [last lines] Henry Hill: [narrating] Anything I wanted was a phone call away. Free cars. The keys to a dozen hideout flats all over the city. I bet twenty, thirty grand over a weekend and then I'd either blow the winnings in a week or go to the sharks to pay back the bookies. [Henry leaves the witness stand and speaks directly to the camera] Henry Hill: Didn't matter. It didn't mean anything. When I was broke, I'd go out and rob some more. We ran everything. We paid off cops. We paid off lawyers. We paid off judges. Everybody had their hands out. Everything was for the taking. And now it's all over. [narrating] Henry Hill: And that's the hardest part. Today everything is different; there's no action... have to wait around like everyone else. Can't even get decent food - right after I got here, I ordered some spaghetti with marinara sauce, and I got egg noodles and ketchup. I'm an average nobody... get to live the rest of my life like a schnook.

§Goodfellas ¤ Stacks Edwards: What time is it? Tommy DeVito: It's eleven thirty, we're supposed to be there by nine. Stacks Edwards: Be ready in a minute. Tommy DeVito: Yeah, you were always fuckin' late, you were late for your own fuckin' funeral. [shoots him]

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] Jimmy was the kind of guy that rooted for bad guys in the movies.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] Now the guy's got Paulie as a partner. Any problems, he goes to Paulie. Trouble with the bill? He can go to Paulie. Trouble with the cops, deliveries, Tommy, he can call Paulie. But now the guy's gotta come up with Paulie's money every week, no matter what. Business bad? Fuck you, pay me. Oh, you had a fire? Fuck you, pay me. Place got hit by lightning, huh? Fuck you, pay me.

§Goodfellas ¤ Jimmy Conway: [after Tommy shoots Spider] What's the fuckin' matter with you? What - what is the fuckin' matter with you? What are you, stupid or what? Tommy, Tommy, I'm kidding with you. What the fuck are you doin'? What are you, a fuckin' sick maniac? Tommy DeVito: How am I meant to know you're kidding? What you mean, you're kidding? You breaking my fuckin' balls? Jimmy Conway: I'm fuckin' kidding with you! You fuckin' shoot the guy? Henry Hill: He's dead. Tommy DeVito: Good shot. What do you want from me? Good shot. Anthony Stabile: How could you miss at this distance? Tommy DeVito: What? You got a problem with what I did Anthony? Anthony Stabile: No Tommy DeVito: Fuckin' rat anyway. His family's all rats. He'll grow up to be a rat. Jimmy Conway: You stupid bastard, I can't fuckin' believe you. Now, you're gonna dig the fuckin' thing now. You're gonna dig the hole. You're gonna do it. I got no fuckin' lime. You're gonna do it. Tommy DeVito: Who the fuck cares? I'll dig the fuckin' hole. I don't give a fuck. What is it, the first hole I dug? Not the first time I dug a hole. I'll fuckin' dig a hole. Where are the shovels?

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating, Henry has just been busted for dealing drugs] For a second I thought I was dead. But, when I heard all the noise, I knew they were cops. Only cops talk that way. If they'd been wiseguys, I wouldn't have heard a thing. I would've been dead.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] And then there was Jimmy Two Times, who got that nickname because he said everything twice, like: Jimmy Two Times: I'm gonna go get the papers, get the papers.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] If you're part of a crew, nobody ever tells you that they're going to kill you, doesn't happen that way. There weren't any arguments or curses like in the movies. See, your murderers come with smiles, they come as your friends, the people who've cared for you all of your life. And they always seem to come at a time that you're at your weakest and most in need of their help.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: I swear to my fucking mother, if you touch her again, YOU'RE DEAD.

§Goodfellas ¤ Karen: [narrating] I know there are women, like my best friends, who would have gotten out of there the minute their boyfriend gave them a gun to hide. But I didn't. I got to admit the truth. It turned me on.

§Goodfellas ¤ Spider: [hesitating] Why don't you go fuck yourself, Tommy? Jimmy Conway: [stunned silence] Whoa! Can't believe what I just heard. Hey Spider, here. This is for you. [tosses money on the table] Jimmy Conway: Attaboy! I got respect for this kid. He's got a lot of fucking balls. Good for you! Don't take no shit off nobody.

§Goodfellas ¤ Jimmy Conway: I'm not mad, I'm proud of you. You took your first pinch like a man and you learn two great things in your life. Look at me, never rat on your friends and always keep your mouth shut.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] For us to live any other way was nuts. Uh, to us, those goody-good people who worked shitty jobs for bum paychecks and took the subway to work every day, and worried about their bills, were dead. I mean, they were suckers. They had no balls. If we wanted something, we just took it. If anyone complained twice they got hit so bad, believe me, they never complained again.

§Goodfellas ¤ Karen: What do you do? Henry Hill: I'm in construction. Karen: [She feels the softness of his hands] They don't feel like you're in construction. Henry Hill: Ah, I'm a union delegate.

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy's Mother: Why don't you get yourself a nice girl? Tommy DeVito: I get a nice one almost every night., Ma Tommy's Mother: Yeah, but get yourself a girl so you could settle down. Tommy DeVito: I settle down almost every night but then, in the morning, I'm free.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] I felt he used too many onions, but it was still a very good sauce. Paul Cicero: Vinnie, don't put too many onions in the sauce. Vinnie: I didn't put too much onions, uh, Paul. Three small onions. That's all I did. Johnny Dio: Three onions? How many cans of tomatoes you put in there? Vinnie: I put two cans, two big cans. Johnny Dio: You don't need three onions.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] One day some of the kids from the neighborhood carried my mother's groceries all the way home. You know why? It was outta respect.

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: We hit the deer and his paw... What do you call it? The paw. Jimmy Conway: [Speaking through a mouth full of pasta] The hoof. Tommy DeVito: It got caught in the grill. I got to hack it off.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] Killing's got to be accepted. Murder was the only way that everybody stayed in line. You got out of line, you got whacked. Everybody knew the rules.

§Goodfellas ¤ Jimmy Conway: [after kicking Batts to near death] Look what this fucking mutt did to my shoes.

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: [sitting in car with Henry] The only thing, is she won't go out with me alone, you know? Henry Hill: No. Tommy DeVito: No, what? Henry Hill: No. Tommy DeVito: No, what, Henry? Who the fuck asked you anything? I didn't even ask you anything, at least hear what I have to say. Henry Hill: Alright, what? Tommy DeVito: Okay, what? She don't want to go out with Italians alone. She's prejudiced against Italians. Do you believe that? In this day and age? What the fuck is the world coming to? I can't believe this, prejudiced against Ital - a Jew broad - prejudiced against Italians. Anyway, she won't go out with me alone unless her girlfriend comes with her, so I figured you could come along and go out with her girlfriend. Henry Hill: See? I knew it - I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. Tommy DeVito: You knew what, Henry? See? What? What the fuck is wrong with that? Henry Hill: When is this? Tommy DeVito: Tomorrow night. Henry Hill: I can't tomorrow night, I gotta meet Tuddy. Tommy DeVito: You could meet Tuddy. You could fucking come early and then still go. Henry Hill: Tommy, Tommy. Why do you always do this to me? Tommy DeVito: Don't give me that fucking "Tommy" shit. What the fuck I asked you for, Henry? I asked you for a favor. I do a lot of fucking favors for you, don't I? I'm trying to bang this fucking broad, you wanna help me out! [view switches to outside of car with view of restaurant, smoke billows from restaurant windows] Tommy DeVito: It's like... uh... ah... Henry Hill: What? Tommy DeVito: I don't understand you! She's fucking beautiful. Her fucking family, they live in the Five Towns there. You know these Jew broads got a lot of money. Maybe the family owns the whole fucking block. and you happen to end up with a big fucking score, motherfucker. Henry Hill: [turning to look at the restaurant] Oh fuck! Tommy DeVito: What? Henry Hill: See? With your fucking mouth! [car speeds away]

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] Whenever we needed money, we'd rob the airport. To us, it was better than Citibank.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] All they got from Paulie was protection from other guys looking to rip them off. That's what it's all about. That's what the FBI can never understand - that what Paulie and the organization offer is protection for the kinds of guys who can't go to the cops. They're like the police department for wiseguys.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] It was revenge for Billy Batts, and a lot of other things. And there was nothing that we could do about it. Batts was a made man, and Tommy wasn't. And we had to sit still and take it. It was among the Italians. It was real greaseball shit. They even shot Tommy in the face so his mother couldn't give him an open coffin at the funeral.

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: [Tommy mocks at Spider] Oklahoma Kid. That's me. I'm the Oklahoma Kid. You fuckin' varmint! Dance. Dance. YAHOO, YA MOTHERFUCKER! [shoots Spider in the foot]

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating; Paul is slicing the garlic with a razor] In prison, dinner was always a big thing. We had a pasta course and then we had a meat or fish. Paulie did the prep work. He was doing a year for contempt, and he had this wonderful system for doing the garlic. He used a razor, and he used to slice it so thin that he used to liquefy in the pan with just a little oil. It was a very good system.

§Goodfellas ¤ Pete the Killer: [points] By the way, I took care of that thing for ya.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] When they found Carbone in the meat truck, he was frozen so stiff it took them three days to thaw him out for the autopsy.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] Jimmy had never asked me to do a hit before, and now he's asking me to go down to Florida with Anthony to make a hit. [Jimmy gives him a pack of matches with a number] Henry Hill: [narrating] That's when I knew I would never have come back from Florida alive.

§Goodfellas ¤ Jimmy Conway: Yeah. Vinnie: Yeah. Jimmy Conway: Who's this? Vinnie: This is Vinnie. Jimmy Conway: Vinnie, what happened? Vinnie: Well we-... Jimmy Conway: You get it straightened out? Vinnie: No, we had a problem... and uh, we tried to do everything we could. Jimmy Conway: What d'you mean? Vinnie: Well, you know what I mean. He's gone, and we couldn't do nothing about it. [pause] Vinnie: That's it. Jimmy Conway: What d'you mean? What d'you mean? Uh... Vinnie: He's gone. Uh, he's gone. [pause] Vinnie: And that's it. Jimmy Conway: [smashing telephone] Fuck. Can't fuckin' believe that, can't fuckin'... Jimmy Conway: [crying] Fuck it, fuck... the fuck... [Henry exits diner] Henry Hill: What happened? Jimmy Conway: They whacked him. They fuckin' whacked him. Henry Hill: Aw, fuck. [Jimmy kicks phone booth] Jimmy Conway: Motherfucker! [pushes over phone booth] Jimmy Conway: [cries]

§Goodfellas ¤ Paul Cicero: I don't want any more of that shit. Henry Hill: What shit? What are you talking about? Paul Cicero: Just stay away from the garbage, you know what I mean. Henry Hill: Look, Paulie... Paul Cicero: I'm not talking about what you did inside, you did what you had to do, I'm talking about now, from now, here and now. Henry Hill: Paulie, why would I want to get into that... Paul Cicero: Don't make a jerk out of me, just don't do it... just don't do it. Now I want to talk to you about Jimmy, you have to watch out for him. He's a good earner but he's wild, takes too many chances. Henry Hill: Yeah, I know that, I know Jimmy, you think I would take chances like Jimmy? Paul Cicero: And Tommy, he's a good kid too. But he's crazy, he's a cowboy, he's got too much to prove. You gotta watch out for kids like this. Henry Hill: Yeah, I know what they are, I only use them for certain things, believe me, you don't have to worry. Paul Cicero: Listen, I ain't gonna get fucked like Gribbs, understand? Gribbs is 70 years old, and the fuckin' guy's gonna die in prison. I don't need that. So I'm warning everybody, EVERYBODY. It could be my son, it could be anybody. Gribbs got 20 years just for saying "hello" to some fuck who was sneaking behind his back selling junk. I don't need that. Ain't gonna happen to me, you understand? Henry Hill: Uh huh. Paul Cicero: You know that you're only out early because I got you a job. I don't need this heat, understand that. Henry Hill: Uh huh. Paul Cicero: And you see anybody fucking around with this shit, you're going to tell me, right? Henry Hill: Yeah. Paul Cicero: [slaps him] That means anybody! Henry Hill: All right. Paul Cicero: Yeah? Henry Hill: Yeah, of course.

§Goodfellas ¤ Janice Rossi: [Karen buzzing over and over on her husband's girlfriend's intercom] Hello. Hello? Karen: Hello? This is Karen Hill, I want to talk to you. [pressing the 2R button, she hangs up] Karen: Hello? Don't hang up on me! I want to talk to you! You keep away from my husband, you hear me? Hello? Open the door! [keeps hitting the buttons] Karen: ANSWER ME! [she keeps pressing the 2R button] Karen: I'm going to tell everybody who walks in this building that in 2R, Rossi, you're nothing but a whore! [gets on phone] Karen: Is this the superintendent?... Yes, I want you to know, sir! That you have a whore living in 2R! Janice Rossi: Shit. Karen: [hits the 2R button] Rossi! Janice Rossi, do you hear me? He's MY husband! Get your own goddamn man!

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: He said, "No, you're gonna tell me something today, tough guy." I said, "All right, I'll tell you something: go fuck your mother."

§Goodfellas ¤ Jimmy Conway: [Frenchy is describing a large shipment of cash at Idlewild Airport to Jimmy and Henry] What about the security? Frenchy: Security? You're looking at it.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [narrating] And when the cops, when they assigned a whole army to stop Jimmy, what'd he do? He made 'em partners.

§Goodfellas ¤ Billy Batts: Hey Jimmy! What's right is right. You understand what I'm talking about? Jimmy Conway: It's all right. It's all right. Billy Batts: No. The kid's over here. We're hugging and kissing over here. And two minutes later, he's acting like a fucking jerk. Jimmy Conway: No, no, no, no, no. You insulted him a little bit. You got a little bit out of order yourself. Billy Batts: No I didn't insult him. I didn't insult him. Jimmy Conway: I'm sorry. You insulted him a little bit. Billy Batts: No, I didn't insult nobody. Give us a drink. Give us a drink.

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: Hey, Spider, that fuckin' bandage on your foot is bigger than your fuckin' head.

§Goodfellas ¤ Karen: [narrating] After awhile, it got to be all normal. None of it seemed like crime. It was more like Henry was enterprising, and that he and the guys were making a few bucks hustling, while all the other guys were sitting on their asses, waiting for handouts. Our husbands weren't brain surgeons, they were blue-collar guys. The only way they could make extra money, real extra money, was to go out and cut a few corners. [Cuts to Henry and Tommy hijacking a truck]

§Goodfellas ¤ Billy Batts: Give us a drink. And give some to those Irish hoodlums down there. Jimmy Conway: There's only one Irishman in here. Billy Batts: On the house. Salud. Jimmy Conway: Top of the mornin'.

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: You know Spider, you're a fuckin' mumbling stuttering little fuck. You know that?

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: Just don't go busting my balls, Billy, okay? Billy Batts: Hey, Tommy, if I was gonna break your balls, I'd tell you to go home and get your shine box. [to his friends] Billy Batts: Now this kid, this kid was great. They, they used to call him Spitshine Tommy.

§Goodfellas ¤ Johnny Dio: How do you like your steak? Paul Cicero: Medium rare. Johnny Dio: Huh. An aristocrat.

§Goodfellas ¤ Sonny Bunz: But I'm worried, I mean, I'm hearin' all kinds a fuckin' bad things. I mean he's treating me like I'm a fuckin' half-a-fag or somethin'. I'm gonna wind up a lammist, I gotta go on the fuckin' lam in order to get away from this guy? This ain't right, Paulie.

§Goodfellas ¤ Henry Hill: [after Karen points gun at him while he's sleeping] I got enough to worry about getting whacked on the street! I gotta come home for this? I should fucking kill you!

§Goodfellas ¤ Tommy DeVito: What the fuck you looking at? Come on. Make that coffee to go. Let's go. [Frankie mumbles something and goes to the door with the coffee pot in his hand] Tommy DeVito: What the fuck are you doing? It's a joke! A joke! Put the fucking pot down!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Jesus, I mean, you guys do nothing but complain about how you can't stand it in this place here and you don't have the guts just to walk out? What do you think you are, for Chrissake, crazy or somethin'? Well you're not! You're not! You're no crazier than the average asshole out walkin' around on the streets and that's it.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Chief Bromden: Mmmmmm, Juicy Fruit.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Which one of you nuts has got any guts?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: [about shock treatments] They was giving me ten thousand watts a day, you know, and I'm hot to trot! The next woman takes me on's gonna light up like a pinball machine and pay off in silver dollars!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ [last lines] Chief Bromden: Mac... they said you escaped. I knew you wouldn't leave without me. I was waiting for you. Now we can make it, Mac; I feel big as a damn mountain. [he suddenly sees the lobotomy scars] Chief Bromden: Oh, no... Chief Bromden: [embraces McMurphy and lightly begins to cry, talking through tears] I'm not goin' without you, Mac. I wouldn't leave you this way... You're coming with me. Chief Bromden: [laying him down] Let's go.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Is that crazy enough for ya'? Want me to take a shit on the floor?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Get out of my way son, you're usin' my oxygen.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: But I tried, didn't I? Goddamnit, at least I did that.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Chief Bromden: My pop was real big. He did like he pleased. That's why everybody worked on him. The last time I seen my father, he was blind and diseased from drinking. And every time he put the bottle to his mouth, he didn't suck out of it, it sucked out of him until he shrunk so wrinkled and yellow even the dogs didn't know him. McMurphy: Killed him, huh? Chief Bromden: I'm not saying they killed him. They just worked on him. The way they're working on you.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Night Nurse: Mr. Turkle? McMurphy: Where the hell is he, why doesn't he answer her? Taber: He's jerkin' off somewhere. Orderly Turkle: Ain't nobody jerkin' off nowhere, muthafucker! McMurphy: Turkle what the fuck are you doing in here? Go out and talk to her. Orderly Turkle: I'm doin' the same fuckin' thing your doin'- hidin'!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Cheswick: Rules? PISS ON YOUR FUCKING RULES!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: I can't take it no more. I gotta get outta here. Chief Bromden: I can't. I just can't. McMurphy: It's easier than you think, Chief. Chief Bromden: For you, maybe. You're a lot bigger than me.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: She was fifteen years old, going on thirty-five, Doc, and she told me she was eighteen, she was very willing, I practically had to take to sewing my pants shut. Between you and me, uh, she might have been fifteen, but when you get that little red beaver right up there in front of you, I don't think it's crazy at all and I don't think you do either. No man alive could resist that, and that's why I got into jail to begin with. And now they're telling me I'm crazy over here because I don't sit there like a goddamn vegetable. Don't make a bit of sense to me. If that's what being crazy is, then I'm senseless, out of it, gone-down-the-road, wacko. But no more, no less, that's it.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ [the inmates are playing cards and betting with cigarettes] Martini: [rips a cigarette in half] I bet a nickel. McMurphy: Dime's the limit, Martini. Martini: I bet a dime. [Puts the two halves onto the table] McMurphy: This is not a dime, Martini. This is a dime. [shows a whole cigarette] McMurphy: If you break it in half, you don't get two nickels, you get shit. Try and smoke it. You understand? Martini: Yes. McMurphy: You don't understand.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ [McMurphy is pretending to watch the World Series on TV] McMurphy: Someone get me a fucking wiener before I die.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: In one week, I can put a bug so far up her ass, she don't know whether to shit or wind her wristwatch.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: I must be crazy to be in a loony bin like this.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Nurse Ratched: Aren't you ashamed? Billy: No, I'm not. [Applause from friends] Nurse Ratched: You know Billy, what worries me is how your mother is going to take this. Billy: Um, um, well, y-y-y-you d-d-d-don't have to t-t-t-tell her, Miss Ratched. Nurse Ratched: I don't have to tell her? Your mother and I are old friends. You know that. Billy: P-p-p-please d-d-don't tell my m-m-m-mother.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Harding: I'm not just talking about my wife, I'm talking about my LIFE, I can't seem to get that through to you. I'm not just talking about one person, I'm talking about everybody. I'm talking about form. I'm talking about content. I'm talking about interrelationships. I'm talking about God, the devil, Hell, Heaven. Do you understand... FINALLY?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: I'm a goddamn marvel of modern science.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Young Psychiatrist: Have you ever heard of the old saying "a rolling stone gathers no moss?" McMurphy: Yeah. Young Psychiatrist: Does that mean something to you? McMurphy: Uh... tt's the same as "don't wash your dirty underwear in public." Young Psychiatrist: I'm not sure I understand what you mean. McMurphy: [smiling] I'm smarter than him, ain't I? [laughs] McMurphy: Well, that sort of has always meant, is, uh, it's hard for something to grow on something that's moving.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ [about Nurse Ratched] McMurphy: Well I don't wanna break up the meeting or nothin', but she's somethin' of a cunt, ain't she Doc?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Dr. Spivey: Well, the real reason that you've been sent over here is because they wanted you to be evaluated... to determine whether or not you are mentally ill. This is the real reason. Why do you think they might think that? McMurphy: Well, as near as I can figure out, it's 'cause I, uh, fight and fuck too much.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Candy: [innocently] You all crazy?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: [pretending to watch the World Series on TV] Koufax... Koufax kicks. He delivers. It's up the middle! It's a base hit! Richardson is rounding first. He's going for second. The ball's into deep right center. Davis cuts the ball off! Here comes the throw. He throws it to second! He slides! He's in there! He's safe! It's a double! Richardson's on second base! McMurphy: [McMurphy gets up as the other patients come to see what he's doing] Koufax is in big fucking trouble! Big trouble, baby! All right. Tresh is the next batter. Tresh looks in. Koufax... Koufax gets a sign from Roseboro. He kicks once. He pumps. He fires. It's a strike! Koufax's curve ball is snapping off like a fucking firecracker! All right, here he comes with the next pitch. Tresh swings. It's a long fly ball to deep left center! McMurphy: [patients cheer] It's going! It's gone! Let's hear it! One way!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: What are you doin' here? You oughta be out in a convertible bird-doggin' chicks and bangin' beaver.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Nurse Ratched: If Mr. McMurphy doesn't want to take his medication orally, I'm sure we can arrange that he can have it some other way. But I don't think that he would like it. [McMurphy turns around to see Harding smiling at him] McMurphy: Heh, YOU'D like it, wouldn't you? [to Nurse Ratched, regarding the pills] McMurphy: Here, give it to me.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Goddamn it Chief, you're about as big as a damn mountain!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Nurse Ratched: The best thing we can do is go on with our daily routine.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Nurse Ratched, Nurse Ratched! The Chief voted! Now will you please turn on the television set? Nurse Ratched: [she opens the glass window] Mr. McMurphy, the meeting was adjourned and the vote was closed. McMurphy: But the vote was 10 to 8. The Chief, he's got his hand up! Look! Nurse Ratched: No, Mr. McMurphy. When the meeting was adjourned, the vote was 9 to 9. McMurphy: [exasperated] Aw come on, you're not gonna say that now! You're not gonna say that now! You're gonna pull that hen house shit? Now when the vote... the Chief just voted - it was 10 to 9. Now I want that television set turned on *right now*! [Nurse Ratched closes the glass window]

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: You're not an idiot. Huh! You're not a goddamn looney now, boy. You're a fisherman!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: [pointing to naked woman on playing card] Where do you suppose she lives?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Jesus Christ! D'you nuts wanna play cards or do ya wanna fuckin' jerk off?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: [to other patients regarding naked playing cards] "No, no, I'll show you some card tricks. You ain't seen the Spanish deck yet. That's 20 percent more torture!"

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Attendant Washington: Hey, McMurphy, what the hell you doin', man? He's a deaf, dumb Indian. He can't hear a fuckin' thing. McMurphy: I ain't talkin' to him, I'm talkin' to myself. You know what I mean?

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Nurse Ratched: Your hand is staining my window.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: That's right, Mr. Martini. There is an Easter Bunny.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: A little dab'll do ya.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ [McMurphy, getting Chief into the basketball game] McMurphy: Hit me, Chief, I got the moves!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Nurse Pilbow: Don't get upset, Mr. McMurphy. McMurphy: I'm not getting upset, Nurse Pilbow. I just don't want anyone to slip me salt peter!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: We're just having a little party. Orderly Turkle: Party my ass, this ain't no nightclub!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Lookit the faces on ya! Lookit ya! McMurphy: [laughing] The thieves brigade, ya ding a lings. The mental defective league, in formation. McMurphy: [laughing] How are ya, Nurse Ratched? I'm happy to be back.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: Koufax looks down! He's looking at the great Mickey Mantle now! Here comes the pitch! Mantle swings! It's a fucking home run! [loud cheering from the patients]

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Taber: Jack Dumpey's full of shit!

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: I'm here to cooperate with you a hundred percent. A hundred percent. I'll be just right down the line with ya'. You watch.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ [telling McMurphy about Chief] Billy: He-he-he can't hear you. He's a d-d-deaf and d-d-dumb Indian.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Psychiatrist: Dr. Sanji? Dr. Sanji: I don't think he's overly psychotic, but, I still think he's quite sick. Psychiatrist: You think he's dangerous? Dr. Sanji: Absolutely so.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: What are we doing in here, Chief? Huh? What's us two guys doing in this fucking place? Let's get out of here. Out. Chief Bromden: Canada? McMurphy: Canada. We'll be there before these sonofabitches know what hit 'em. Listen to Randall on this one.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ Martini: [looking in the bait bucket on the fishing boat] Little fishes. McMurphy: That's right, Martini, and what are we gonna do with these little fishes? Martini: [grins] Catch big fishes.

§One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest ¤ McMurphy: [to Chief Bromden, who is looking on seemingly without comprehension] Now jump up there and put the ball in the basket. McMurphy: [no response] Jump up in the air and stuff that son of a bitch in there, Chief! McMurphy: [still no response] Take a rest, Chief.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: Wait, I thought all you did was kill innocent people. John Doe: Innocent? Is that supposed to be funny? An obese man... a disgusting man who could barely stand up; a man who if you saw him on the street, you'd point him out to your friends so that they could join you in mocking him; a man, who if you saw him while you were eating, you wouldn't be able to finish your meal. After him, I picked the lawyer and I know you both must have been secretly thanking me for that one. This is a man who dedicated his life to making money by lying with every breath that he could muster to keeping murderers and rapists on the streets! David Mills: Murderers? John Doe: A woman... David Mills: Murderers, John, like yourself? John Doe: [interrupts] A woman... so ugly on the inside she couldn't bear to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside. A drug dealer, a drug dealing pederast, actually! And let's not forget the disease-spreading whore! Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face. But that's the point. We see a deadly sin on every street corner, in every home, and we tolerate it. We tolerate it because it's common, it's trivial. We tolerate it morning, noon, and night. Well, not anymore. I'm setting the example. What I've done is going to be puzzled over and studied and followed... forever.

§Se7en ¤ [last lines] William Somerset: Ernest Hemingway once wrote, "The world is a fine place and worth fighting for." I agree with the second part.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: Wanting people to listen, you can't just tap them on the shoulder anymore. You have to hit them with a sledgehammer, and then you'll notice you've got their strict attention.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: If we catch John Doe and he turns out to be the devil, I mean if he's Satan himself, that might live up to our expectations, but he's not the devil. He's just a man.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: This guy's methodical, exacting, and worst of all, patient. David Mills: He's a nut-bag! Just because the fucker's got a library card doesn't make him Yoda!

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: You're no messiah. You're a movie of the week. You're a fucking t-shirt, at best.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: [about Tracy to Mills] She begged for her life... William Somerset: Shut up! John Doe: She begged for her life and... William Somerset: Shut up! John Doe: She begged for her life, and the life of the baby inside her. William Somerset: [backhanding Doe] Shut up! [Mills freezes in grieved disbelief, and Doe notices] John Doe: [to Somerset] Oh...! He didn't know.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: I've been trying to figure something in my head, and maybe you can help me out, yeah? When a person is insane, as you clearly are, do you know that you're insane? Maybe you're just sitting around, reading "Guns and Ammo", masturbating in your own feces, do you just stop and go, "Wow! It is amazing how fucking crazy I really am!"? Yeah. Do you guys do that?

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: I just don't think I can continue to live in a place that embraces and nurtures apathy as if it was virtue. David Mills: You're no different. You're no better. William Somerset: I didn't say I was different or better. I'm not. Hell, I sympathize; I sympathize completely. Apathy is the solution. I mean, it's easier to lose yourself in drugs than it is to cope with life. It's easier to steal what you want than it is to earn it. It's easier to beat a child than it is to raise it. Hell, love costs: it takes effort and work.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: What's in the box?

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: David. If you kill him, he will win.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: It's more comfortable for you to label me as insane. David Mills: It's VERY comfortable.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: This isn't going to have a happy ending.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: [Reading from one of John Doe's journals] On the subway today, a man came up to me to start a conversation. He made small talk, a lonely man talking about the weather and other things. I tried to be pleasant and accommodating, but my head hurt from his banality. I almost didn't notice it had happened, but I suddenly threw up all over him. He was not pleased, and I couldn't stop laughing.

§Se7en ¤ [William Somerset looks at an object in the road] David Mills: What do you got? William Somerset: Dead dog. John Doe: I didn't do that.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: I visited your home this morning after you'd left. I tried to play husband. I tried to taste the life of a simple man. It didn't work out, so I took a souvenir... her pretty head.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: C'mon, he's insane. Look. Right now he's probably dancing around in his grandma's panties, yeah, rubbing himself in peanut butter.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: I don't think you're quitting because you believe these things you say. I don't. I think you want to believe them, because you're quitting. And you want me to agree with you, and you want me to say, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. It's all fucked up. It's a fucking mess. We should all go live in a fucking log cabin." But I won't. I won't say that. I don't agree with you. I do not. I can't.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: Realize detective, the only reason that I'm here right now is that I wanted to be. David Mills: No, no, we would have got you eventually. John Doe: Oh really? So, what were you doing? Biding your time? Toying with me? Allowing five innocent people to die until you felt like springing your trap? Tell me, what was the indisputable evidence you were going to use on me right before I walked up to you and put my hands in the air?

§Se7en ¤ Police Captain: [answering phone that interrupted his conversation] This is not even my desk! [hangs up]

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: Yeah, a landlord's dream: a paralyzed tenant with no tongue. William Somerset: Who pays the rent on time.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: People will barely be able to comprehend it, but they won't be able to deny it.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: [discovering what's inside the package] California, tell your people to stay away. Stay away now, don't - don't come in here. Whatever you hear, stay away! John Doe has the upper hand!

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: It seems that envy is my sin.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: [to Mills] Detective. Detective. DETECTIVE! You're looking for me.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: Become vengeance, David. Become wrath.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: What sick ridiculous puppets we are / and what gross little stage we dance on / What fun we have dancing and fucking / Not a care in the world / Not knowing that we are nothing / We are not what was intended.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: If John Doe's head splits open and a UFO should fly out, I want you to have expected it.

§Se7en ¤ Photographer: I got your picture, man, I got your picture! David Mills: Oh yeah? Detective Mills, M-I-L-L-S, fuck off!

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: Has he tried to speak or communicate in any way? Dr. Beardsley: Even if his brain were not mush, which it is, he chewed off his own tongue long ago. William Somerset: Uh... Doc, is there absolutely no chance that he might survive? Dr. Beardsley: Detective, he'd die of shock right now if you were to shine a flashlight in his eyes. He's experienced about as much pain and suffering as anyone I've encountered, give or take... and he still has hell to look forward to. Good night.

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: Nothing wrong with a man taking pleasure in his work. I won't deny my own personal desire to turn each sin against the sinner.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: He's fuckin' with us! [Mills bends over a desk] David Mills: See this? This is us.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: Did the kid see it? Detective Taylor: What? William Somerset: The kid. Detective Taylor: What the fuck sort of question is that? You know, we're all going to be really glad when we get rid of you, Somerset. It's always these questions with you. "Did the kid see it?" Who gives a fuck? He's dead, his wife killed him. Anything else has nothing to do with us.

§Se7en ¤ [picks up the phone] David Mills: Hello? John Doe: I admire you. I don't know how you found me, but imagine my surprise. I respect you law enforcement agents more everyday. David Mills: Well, I appreciate that... John. I tell you... John Doe: No, no, you listen, all right? I'll be readjusting my schedule in light of today's little... setback. I just had to call and express my admiration. Sorry I had to hurt... one of you, but I really didn't have a choice, did I? David Mills: Hmm. John Doe: You will accept my apology, won't you? I feel like saying more, but I don't want to ruin the surprise. [hangs up]

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: But you gotta be a, a hero. You want to be a champion. Well, let me tell you. People don't want a champion. They want to eat cheeseburgers, play the lotto and watch television.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: We'll just talk to him. David Mills: Uh huh. Yeah. Excuse me, sir. Are you, by any chance, a serial killer? Okay. William Somerset: You do the talking. Put that silver tongue of yours to work. David Mills: Have you been talking to my wife?

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: [after finding out that Detective Mills's apartment is close to the railway tracks] Just a soothing, relaxing, vibrating home huh? [chuckles to himself] William Somerset: [recovers] I'm sorry. [laughs hysterically, Tracy joins in]

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: Gentlemen, gentlemen... I'll never understand. All these books, a world of knowledge at your fingertips. What do you do? You play poker all night. Library Guard: Hey! We've got culture! We've got culture comin' out our ass! George, Library Night Guard: [turns on classical music] How's this for culture?

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: [to Tracy] Anyone who spends a significant amount of time with me finds me disagreeable. Just ask your husband. David Mills: Very true. Very, very true.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: It's impressive to see a man feeding off his emotions.

§Se7en ¤ California: Somebody call somebody.

§Se7en ¤ [first lines] Detective Taylor: Neighbors heard them screaming at each other, like for two hours, and it was nothing new. Then they heard the gun go off, both barrels. Crime of passion. William Somerset: Yeah, just look at all the passion on that wall.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: [Banging a book in frustration] Fuckin' Dante... poetry-writing faggot! Piece of shit, motherfucker!

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: Do you like what you do for a living? These things you see? Man in Massage Parlour Booth: No, I don't. But that's life.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: Honestly, have you ever seen anything like this? William Somerset: No.

§Se7en ¤ Officer Davis: Nothing's been touched. Everything's like I found it. William Somerset: What time was death established? Officer Davis: Like I said, I didn't touch anything... but he's had his face in a plate of spaghetti for about forty-five minutes now. David Mills: Wait a minute, no one bothers with vital signs? Officer Davis: Did I stutter? This guy ain't breathing, unless he's breathing spaghetti sauce. David Mills: So that's how it's done around here. Officer Davis: I beg your pardon, Detective, but this guy's been sitting in pile in his own piss and shit. If he wasn't dead, he would have stood up by now.

§Se7en ¤ William Somerset: Even the most promising clues usually only lead to others.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: Who knows. So many freaks out there doin' their little evil deeds they don't wanna do... "The voices made me do it. My dog made me do it. Jodie Foster told me to do it."

§Se7en ¤ John Doe: Don't ask me to pity those people. I don't mourn them any more than I do the thousands that died at Sodom and Gomorrah. William Somerset: Is that to say, John, that what you were doing was God's good work? John Doe: The Lord works in mysterious ways.

§Se7en ¤ David Mills: [greeting his wife after coming home from work] Hey, loser. Tracy Mills: Hi, idiot.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Clarence: Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Clarence: [In book inscription] Remember, George: no man is a failure who has friends.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Clarence: You see, George, you've really had a wonderful life. Don't you see what a mistake it would be to throw it away?

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Man on Porch: Why don't you kiss her instead of talking her to death? George Bailey: You want me to kiss her, huh? Man on Porch: Ah, youth is wasted on the wrong people.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: What is it you want, Mary? What do you want? You want the moon? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down. Hey. That's a pretty good idea. I'll give you the moon, Mary. Mary: I'll take it. Then what? George Bailey: Well, then you can swallow it, and it'll all dissolve, see... and the moonbeams would shoot out of your fingers and your toes and the ends of your hair... am I talking too much?

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ [last lines] Zuzu Bailey: Look, Daddy. Teacher says, every time a bell rings an angel gets his wings. George Bailey: That's right, that's right. George Bailey: [Looks heavenward] Attaboy, Clarence.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Little Mary: Is this the ear you can't hear on? [whispering in his bad ear] Little Mary: George Bailey, I'll love you 'til the day I die.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Just a minute... just a minute. Now, hold on, Mr. Potter. You're right when you say my father was no businessman. I know that. Why he ever started this cheap, penny-ante Building and Loan, I'll never know. But neither you nor anyone else can say anything against his character, because his whole life was... why, in the 25 years since he and his brother, Uncle Billy, started this thing, he never once thought of himself. Isn't that right, Uncle Billy? He didn't save enough money to send Harry away to college, let alone me. But he did help a few people get out of your slums, Mr. Potter, and what's wrong with that? Why... here, you're all businessmen here. Doesn't it make them better citizens? Doesn't it make them better customers? You... you said... what'd you say a minute ago? They had to wait and save their money before they even ought to think of a decent home. Wait? Wait for what? Until their children grow up and leave them? Until they're so old and broken down that they... Do you know how long it takes a working man to save $5,000? Just remember this, Mr. Potter, that this rabble you're talking about... they do most of the working and paying and living and dying in this community. Well, is it too much to have them work and pay and live and die in a couple of decent rooms and a bath? Anyway, my father didn't think so. People were human beings to him. But to you, a warped, frustrated old man, they're cattle. Well in my book, my father died a much richer man than you'll ever be!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Harry Bailey: A toast to my big brother George: The richest man in town.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ [first lines] Mr. Emil Gower: [voice-over] I owe everything to George Bailey. Help him, dear Father. Giuseppe Martini: [voice-over] Joseph, Jesus and Mary. Help my friend, Mr. Bailey. Ma Bailey: [voice-over] Help my son, George, tonight. Bert: [voice-over] He never thinks about himself, God, that's why he's in trouble. Ernie Bishop: [voice-over] George is a good guy. Give him a break, God. Mary: [voice-over] I love him, dear Lord. Watch over him tonight. Janie Bailey: [voice-over] Please, God, something's the matter with Daddy. Zuzu Bailey: [voice-over] Please bring Daddy back.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Annie: I been savin' this money for a divorce, if ever I got a husband.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: [running through Bedford Falls] Merry Christmas, movie house! Merry Christmas, Emporium! Merry Christmas, you wonderful old Building and Loan!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Pa Bailey: All you can take with you is that which you've given away.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ [George has discovered his brother Harry's tombstone] Clarence: [explaining] Your brother, Harry Bailey, broke through the ice and was drowned at the age of nine. George Bailey: That's a lie! Harry Bailey went to war! He got the Congressional Medal of Honor! He saved the lives of every man on that transport! Clarence: Every man on that transport died. Harry wasn't there to save them, because you weren't there to save Harry.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Dear Father in heaven, I'm not a praying man, but if you're up there and you can hear me [begins crying] George Bailey: show me the way... show me the way.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Mary: [embracing George] Remember the night we broke the windows in this old house? This is what I wished for. George Bailey: [softly] You're wonderful... wonderful.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Mary: Bread... that this house may never know hunger. [Mary hands a loaf of bread to Mrs. Martini] Mary: Salt... that life may always have flavor. [Mary hands a box of salt to Mrs. Martini] George Bailey: And wine... that joy and prosperity may reign forever. Enter the Martini Castle. [George hands Mr. Martini a bottle of wine]

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Mary Hatch, why in the world did you ever marry a guy like me? Mary: To keep from being an old maid! George Bailey: You could have married Sam Wainright, or anybody else in town... Mary: I didn't want to marry anybody else in town. I want my baby to look like you. George Bailey: You didn't even have a honeymoon. I promised you... [stops] George Bailey: Your what? Mary: My baby! George Bailey: [stuttering] Your, your, your, ba- Mary, you on the nest? Mary: George Baily Lassos Stork! George Bailey: [still stuttering] Lassos a stork? [Mary nods] George Bailey: What're'ya... You mean you're... What is it, a boy or a girl? Mary: [nods enthusiasticly] Mmmm-hmmm!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: [on Mary being caught naked in the bushes after her robe slips off] This is a very interesting situation! Mary: Please give me my robe. George Bailey: A man doesn't get in a situation like this every day. Mary: I'd like to have my robe. George Bailey: Not in Bedford Falls anyway. Mary: [after the bushes' thorns starting hurting her] Ouch! Oh! George Bailey: Gesundheit. Mary: George Bailey! George Bailey: Inspires a little thought! Mary: Give me my robe. George Bailey: I've read about things like this. Mary: Shame on you! I'm going to tell your mother on you. George Bailey: Well, my mother is way up on the corner. Mary: I'll call the police! George Bailey: Well, they're all the way downtown. They'd be on my side. Mary: Then I'll scream! George Bailey: Maybe I can sell tickets. [a car pulls up, and George is told that his father has suffered a stroke]

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: How old are you anyway? Mary: 18. George Bailey: 18! Why it was only last year you were 17.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Mr. Potter: George, I am an old man, and most people hate me. But I don't like them either so that makes it all even.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Mrs. Hatch: Who is down there with you, Mary? Mary: It's George Bailey, mother. Mrs. Hatch: George Bailey? What does he want? Mary: I don't know! [to George] Mary: What do you want? George Bailey: Me? Nothing! I just came in to get warm. Mary: [pause] He's making violent love to me, mother!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: I know what I'm gonna do tomorrow, and the next day, and the next year, and the year after that.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Look, who are you? Who are you really? Clarence: I told you, George. I'm your guardian angel. George Bailey: Yeah, well what else are you? Are you a hypnotist? Clarence: No, of course not. George Bailey: Then why am I seeing all these strange things? Clarence: Don't you understand, George? It's because you were never born. George Bailey: Well, if I was never born... who am I? Clarence: You're nobody. You have no identity. George Bailey: What do you mean no identity? My name is George Bailey! Clarence: There is no George Bailey. [George searches his pockets for identification, finds none] Clarence: You have no papers, no cards, no driver's license, no 4F card, no insurance policy. [George finally searches his watch pocket for the rose petals from Zuzu] Clarence: They're not there either. George Bailey: What? Clarence: Zuzu's petals... You've been given a great gift, George: A chance to see what the world would be like without you.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Well, you look about the kind of angel I'd get. Sort of a fallen angel, aren't you? What happened to your wings? Clarence: I haven't won my wings, yet. That's why I'm called an Angel Second Class. I have to earn them. And you'll help me will you? George Bailey: [sarcastic] Sure, sure. How? Clarence: By letting me help you. George Bailey: I know one way you can help me. You don't happen to have 8,000 bucks on you? Clarence: No, we don't use money in Heaven. George Bailey: Well, it comes in real handy down here, bud!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Senior Angel: A man down on Earth needs our help. Clarence: Splendid. Is he sick? Senior Angel: No, worse. He's discouraged.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Ma Bailey: [speaking of Mary Hatch] Why, she lights up like a firefly whenever you are around. Besides, Sam Wainright is off in New York, and you're here in Bedford Falls... George Bailey: And all's fair in love and war, right? Ma Bailey: [fixing his collar] Well, I don't know about war...

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Clarence: [hearing Nick's cash register ding] Oh-oh. Somebody's just made it. George Bailey: Made what? Clarence: Every time you hear a bell ring, it means that some angel's just got his wings.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Isn't it wonderful? I'm going to jail!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: [George hears a train whistle] There she blows. You know what the three most exciting sounds in the world are? Uncle Billy: Uh huh. Breakfast is served; lunch is served; dinner... George Bailey: No no no no. Anchor chains, plane motors and train whistles.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: You sit around here and you spin your little webs and you think the whole world revolves around you and your money. Well, it doesn't, Mr. Potter. In the whole vast configuration of things, I'd say you were nothing but a scurvy little spider! And... [turning to his aide] George Bailey: And that goes for you, too!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Now, you listen to me! I don't want any plastics, and I don't want any ground floors, and I don't want to get married - ever - to anyone! You understand that? I want to do what I want to do. And you're... and you're... [runs out of words, sees her crying] George Bailey: Oh, Mary, Mary... Mary: George... George... George... George Bailey: [kisses her intensely] Mary... Would you?... Would you?...

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: I wish I had a million dollars... Hot dog!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Little Violet: [commenting on George] I like him. Little Mary: You like every boy. Little Violet: What's wrong with that?

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Ernie Bishop: Just a minute! Quiet everybody! Quiet, quiet. Now get this, it's from London. Ma Bailey: Oh! Ernie Bishop: [Reading the telegram in his hand] Mr. Gower cabled you need cash, stop. My office instructed to advance you up to twenty-five thousand dollars, stop. Hee Haw and Merry Christmas! Sam Wainwright.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: I'm shakin' the dust of this crummy little town off my feet and I'm gonna see the world. Italy, Greece, the Parthenon, the Colosseum. Then, I'm comin' back here to go to college and see what they know. And then I'm gonna build things. I'm gonna build airfields, I'm gonna build skyscrapers a hundred stories high, I'm gonna build bridges a mile long...

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Cousin Tilly: Mrs Bailey is on the phone. George Bailey: I don't want Mrs Bailey I want my wife... Mrs Bailey? Oh, that's my wife.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Nick: Hey look, mister. We serve hard drinks in here for men who want to get drunk fast, and we don't need any characters around to give the joint "atmosphere". Is that clear, or do I have to slip you my left for a convincer? George Bailey: [intervening] Nick, hold on. Just give him the same as mine. He's no trouble. Nick: Okay. [Nick walks away to tend to the bar] George Bailey: [to Clarence] What's the matter with him? I never saw Nick act like that before. Clarence: You'll see a lot of strange things from now on.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: [the staff celebrates closing the building and loan company with only two dollars remaining, to stay in business] Get a tray for these two great big important simoleans here. Uncle Billy: We'll save 'em for seed. George Bailey: A toast! A toast! A toast to Mama Dollar and to Papa Dollar, and if you want to keep this old Building and Loan in business, you better have a family real quick. Cousin Tilly: I wish they were rabbits.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Clarence? Clarence: Yes, George? George Bailey: Where's Mary? If this is all real and I was never born, what became of Mary? Clarence: [hesitates] Well... I don't... I can't... George Bailey: [grabs Clarence by his collar] Look, I don't know how you know these things, but if you know where my wife is, you'll tell me. Clarence: I... I'm not supposed to tell. George Bailey: Please, Clarence, where's my wife? Tell me where my wife is. Clarence: You're not going to like it, George. George Bailey: Where is she? What happened to her? Clarence: She became an old maid. She never married... George Bailey: [desperate] Where is she? WHERE IS SHE? Clarence: She's... she's just about to close up the library! [George throws Clarence to the ground and runs off] Clarence: [more frustrated] Ohh... there must be some easier way for me to get my wings.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Mr. Potter: George, I am an old man and most people hate me. But I don't like them either, so that makes it all even. You know just as well as I do that I run practically everything in this town but the Bailey Building and Loan. You know, also, that for a number of years I've been trying to get control of it. Or kill it. But I haven't been able to do it. You have been stopping me. In fact, you have beaten me, George, and as anyone in this county can tell you, that takes some doing. Now take during the Depression, for instance. You and I were the only ones that kept our heads. You saved the Building and Loan, I saved all the rest. George Bailey: Yes, well, most people say you stole all the rest. Mr. Potter: The envious ones say that, George. The suckers. Now, I have stated my side very frankly. Now let's look at your side. A young man, age 27... 28... , married, making, say, $40 a week. George Bailey: Forty-five! Mr. Potter: Forty-five. $45 a week. Out of which, after supporting your mother and paying your bills, you're able to keep, say, ten, if you skimp. A child or two comes along and you won't even be able to save the ten. Now, if this young man of 28 was a common, ordinary yokel, I'd say he was doing fine. But George Bailey is not a common, ordinary yokel. He is an intelligent, smart, ambitious, young man who hates his job, who hates the Building and Loan almost as much as I do. A young man who's been dying to get out of this small town and on his own ever since he was born. A young man... the smartest one in the crowd, mind you... A young man who has to sit by and watch his friends go places because he's trapped. Yes, sir, trapped into this small town and frittering his life away, playing nursemaid to a lot of garlic eaters. Do I paint the correct picture or do I exaggerate?

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: Now, will you do something for me? Zuzu Bailey: What? George Bailey: Will you try and get some sleep? Zuzu Bailey: I'm not sleepy. I want to look at my flower. George Bailey: I know-I know, but you just go to sleep, and then you can dream about it, and it'll be a whole garden. Zuzu Bailey: It will? George Bailey: Uh-huh.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: [George is having his last meal at home before leaving on his cruise. His father is distraught over his leaving] Pop, I think you're a great guy. George Bailey: [thinking Annie is eavesdropping] Did you hear that, Annie? Annie: I heard it... 'bout time one of you lunkheads said it!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Nick: [ringing the cash register repeatedly] Get me. I'm givin' out wings!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ George Bailey: You call this a happy family? Why do we have to have all these kids?

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Mary: You look at me as if you didn't know me. George Bailey: Well, I don't. Mary: You pass me on the street almost every day. George Bailey: Me? Naw, that was a little girl named Mary Hatch, that wasn't you.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Pa Bailey: I know it's soon to talk about it. George Bailey: Oh, now Pop, I couldn't. I couldn't face being cooped up for the rest of my life in a shabby little office... Oh, I'm sorry Pop, I didn't mean that, but this business of nickels and dimes and spending all your life trying to figure out how to save three cents on a length of pipe... I'd go crazy. I want to do something big and something important. Pa Bailey: You know, George, I feel that in a small way we are doing something important. Satisfying a fundamental urge. It's deep in the race for a man to want his own roof and walls and fireplace, and we're helping him get those things in our shabby little office. George Bailey: I know, Dad. I wish I felt... But I've been hoarding pennies like a miser in order to... Most of my friends have already finished college. I just feel like if I don't get away, I'd bust. Pa Bailey: Yes... yes... You're right son. George Bailey: You see what I mean, don't you, Pop? Pa Bailey: This town is no place for any man unless he's willing to crawl to Potter. You've got talent, son. I've seen it. You get yourself an education. Then get out of here. George Bailey: Pop, you want a shock? I think you're a great guy. [to Annie, listening through the door] George Bailey: Oh, did you hear that, Annie? Annie: I heard it. About time one of you lunkheads said it.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Uncle Billy: [drunk] Where's my hat? Where's my hat? [George takes it off Billy's head and hands it to him] Uncle Billy: Oh, oh thankyou, George. Which is mine? George Bailey: The middle one.

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Mr. Potter: [to George Bailey] Look at you. You used to be so cocky. You were going to go out and conquer the world. You once called me "a warped, frustrated, old man"! What are you but a warped, frustrated young man? A miserable little clerk crawling in here on your hands and knees and begging for help. No securities, no stocks, no bonds, nothin' but a miserable little $500 equity in a life insurance policy. [Potter chuckles] Mr. Potter: You're worth more dead than alive! Why don't you go to the riffraff you love so much and ask them to let you have $8,000? You know why? Because they'd run you out of town on a rail. But I'll tell you what I'm going to do for you, George. Since the state examiner is still here, as a stockholder of the Building and Loan, I'm going to swear out a warrant for your arrest. Misappropriation of funds, manipulation, malfeasance... [sees George runs off] Mr. Potter: All right, George, go ahead! You can't hide in a little town like this!

§It's a Wonderful Life ¤ Uncle Billy: After all, Potter, some people like George HAD to stay at home. Not every heel was in Germany and Japan.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kambei Shimada: This is the nature of war: By protecting others, you save yourselves. If you only think of yourself, you'll only destroy yourself.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: What do you think of farmers? You think they're saints? Hah! They're foxy beasts! They say, "We've got no rice, we've no wheat. We've got nothing!" But they have! They have everything! Dig under the floors! Or search the barns! You'll find plenty! Beans, salt, rice, sake! Look in the valleys, they've got hidden warehouses! They pose as saints but are full of lies! If they smell a battle, they hunt the defeated! They're nothing but stingy, greedy, blubbering, foxy, and mean! God damn it all! [He hurls a handful of arrows into the wall] Kikuchiyo: But then who made them such beasts? You did! You samurai did it! You burn their villages! Destroy their farms! Steal their food! Force them to labour! Take their women! And kill them if they resist! So what should farmers do? [Kikuchiyo sinks to his knees, and begins to sob uncontrollably] Kikuchiyo: Damn... damn... damn... damn... [Kambei unfolds his arms and looks down at the palms of his hands] Kambei Shimada: [Quietly, after a long pause] You were the son of a farmer, weren't you?

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kambei Shimada: Danger always strikes when everything seems fine.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kambei Shimada: [after telling Katsushiro to go home] I know what you're going to say. I was once your age, you know. You dream of training yourself, distinguishing yourself in wars, then becoming lord of your own castle and domain... but as you dream those dreams, time flies. Before your dreams become reality, your hair would turn gray like mine. By that time, your parents would have been dead and your friends gone, and you'll find yourself all alone.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kambei Shimada: So. Again we are defeated. [Shichiroji looks puzzled at Kambei] Kambei Shimada: The farmers have won. Not us.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kambei Shimada: Go to the north. The decisive battle will be fought there. Gorobei Katayama: Why didn't you build a fence there? Kambei Shimada: A good fort needs a gap. The enemy must be lured in. So we can attack them. If we only defend, we lose the war.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Gisaku: Find hungry samurai. Even bears come down from the mountains when they are hungry.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Shichiroji: Kikuchiyo, what on earth are you doing? Kikuchiyo: I can't kill a lot with one sword!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Farmer Manzo: Old man, I'm worried. The village girls will go crazy over the samurai. If the samurai touch 'em, all hell will break loose. Gisaku: Bandits are coming, you fool. Your head is on the block and all you think of are your whiskers?

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: You fool! Damn you! You call yourself a horse! For shame! Hey! Wait! Please! I apologize! Forgive me!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: This baby... It's me... It's what happened to me!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Gisaku: All farmers ever do is worry, whether the rain falls, the sun shines or the wind blows. In short, all they know is fear.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kyuzo: Killed Two.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Heihachi Hayashida: Haven't you ever seen anyone cut firewood before? Gorobei Katayama: You seem to enjoy it. Heihachi Hayashida: That's just the way I am. Yah! [he chops another log] Gorobei Katayama: You're good! Heihachi Hayashida: Not really. It's a lot harder than killing enemies. Yah! [he splits another log] Gorobei Katayama: Have you killed many? Heihachi Hayashida: Since it's impossible to kill them all - yah! [he splits another log] Heihachi Hayashida: I usually run away. Gorobei Katayama: A splendid principle. Heihachi Hayashida: Thank you. Yah!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Heihachi Hayashida: I'm Heihachi Hayashida, a fencer of the Wood Cutting School. [Gorobei bursts into giggles. Kambei looks unamused]

§Seven Samurai ¤ Gorobei Katayama: The threshing's done and still no bandits. Everyone's saying they might not come after all. Kambei Shimada: A tempting thought. But when you think you're safe is precisely when you're most vulnerable.

§Seven Samurai ¤ [on taking Katsushiro as a student] Kambei Shimada: You embarrass me. You're overestimating me. Listen, I'm not a man with any special skill, but I've had plenty of experience in battles; losing battles, all of them. In short, that's all I am. Drop such an idea for your own good. Katsushiro: No Sir, my decision has been made. I'll follow you sir. Kambei Shimada: I forbid it. I can't afford to take a kid with me.

§Seven Samurai ¤ [Kambei is considering the farmer's offer] Kambei Shimada: It's impossible. Katsushiro: Sir! Why not arm them with...? Kambei Shimada: I thought of that, too. Katsushiro: But sir. Kambei Shimada: [pointedly] This would not be a game. A band of forty bandits! Two or three "samurai" could accomplish nothing. Defense is harder than offense. Mountains in the back of the village? Rikichi: Yes! Kambei Shimada: Can horses get over them? Rikichi: Yes! Kambei Shimada: Fields in front. The village is wide open to horsemen... until the fields are flooded. One guard for each direction takes four. Two more as a reserve. You'll need at least... seven, including me.

§Seven Samurai ¤ [Gorobei is watching Heihachi, who is methodically splitting logs] Gorobei Katayama: How'd you like to kill thirty bandits? [Heihachi spins around in surprise as his axe swings wide]

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: [in a drunken stupor] You again. I see that bald head of yours in my dreams. You had the nerve to ask me if I was a samurai. Didn't you, huh? I never forget a face. Look here, though I look like hell, I'm a real samurai, all right. Here. I got something for you. Damn jerks. Looky here. [He clumsily fumbles around in his robe, and presents a scroll from inside it] Kikuchiyo: There, just you look at this. It's been handed down in my family for generations and generations. And you asked me if I were a samurai! You jerks. Look at this, just look at this! That's me right there. [Kikuchiyo unrolls it and points randomly to a part of the scroll] Kambei Shimada: Kikuchiyo, born on 17 February, the Second Year of Tensho. [He suddenly bursts out laughing] Kikuchiyo: What's so damn funny? Kambei Shimada: You don't look thirteen!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Gorobei Katayama: How did you fare? Kambei Shimada: We let a good fish get away. An excellent swordsman. Gorobei Katayama: [laughs] They say the fish that gets away looks bigger than it really is.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Heihachi Hayashida: Actually, kids work harder than adults. But only if you treat them like adults.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kambei Shimada: You said he'd be a treasure in hard times. The hard times have only just begun.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: Goddamn samurai... [He falls asleep on the straw and starts snoring loudly] Katsushiro: Is he really a samurai? Kambei Shimada: Only in his mind.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Gorobei Katayama: I'm with you. But I have to say that although I understand the farmers' suffering and understand why you would take up their cause, it's your character that I find most compelling. In life one finds friends in the strangest places.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kyuzo: Don't you see? A real sword will kill you.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: You all make great scarecrows. Problem is, the enemy isn't a bunch of sparrows and crows!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Heihachi Hayashida: [after Kikuchiyo made the peasants exit their homes by sounding the alarm, and scolded them] We are now seven.

§Seven Samurai ¤ [Kikuchiyo helps Kambei carry the body of the wife away, while he holds the infant] Kambei Shimada: Let's go! [He looks back at Kikuchiyo, who is standing in the middle of the river, stunned] Kambei Shimada: Damn it, what it is it now? [Kikuchiyo suddenly sinks to his knees, cradling the child] Kikuchiyo: This baby... It's me. This is just what happened to me! [He sobs]

§Seven Samurai ¤ Katsushiro: [gushing about Kyuzo] He has the real samurai spirit. He is totally fearless. Yet, at the same time, he is gentle, and modest - look how he acted after we went and got that gun. And how he went too - just as though he were going up into the hills to look for mushrooms. Kikuchiyo: [sarcastically] Fascinating. I'm not bored at all, I swear.

§Seven Samurai ¤ [first lines] Bandit second-in-command: We'll take this place next. Bandit Chief: We took it last autumn. They haven't got anything worth taking yet. Let's wait.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: Use your balls, if you've got any!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Old Woman: I don't want to live any more. But I'm afraid the next world will be terrible, too... Heihachi Hayashida: No, no. It's paradise. No bandits or anything. It's very nice. Kikuchiyo: [loudly] How do you know? Ever been dead? Heihachi Hayashida: [to Kikuchiyo] You needn't yell at me.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: What are you making? Heihachi Hayashida: A flag. Kikuchiyo: A flag? Heihachi Hayashida: Something to hold up, hoist high, you know? Something to stir our fighting spirit. [Heihachi presents his design; he has drawn six circles, one triangle, and at the bottom, the Japanese character "ta." Kikuchiyo points to the "ta"] Kikuchiyo: What do those symbols mean? Heihachi Hayashida: That means "rice" but it can also mean "farmer". Kikuchiyo: What about those circles? Heihachi Hayashida: They're us. Kikuchiyo: What the hell? Why aren't I there? There's only six of them! Heihachi Hayashida: The triangle is you, Sir Kikuchiyo. Shichiroji: Good one! [the samurai burst out laughing]

§Seven Samurai ¤ Katsushiro: A boy should be drilling, not picking flowers! [He points sternly at Shino with the flowers he just picked, looks down at the flowers, realizes his own hypocrisy and throws them to the ground]

§Seven Samurai ¤ Farmer Manzo: Consider who we're dealing with here. Give a wolf a taste of your leg and he'll ask for your hand.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: You there, chewing your cud. Can you cut that out? This isn't a cow shed!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Shichiroji: That bandit said their fort... Kyuzo: It's hardly a fort. Kikuchiyo: It's full of holes, like Yohei's underwear.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Shichiroji: Manzo, don't be angry. When the dawn threatens our very lives, the weight of it makes us all a little reckless.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: [to Rikichi, who is spending the night in the stable] It's me. I'm sleeping here from now on. Those guys cramp my style. [Rikichi starts to hurry out] Kikuchiyo: Stop cowering, you idiot! This is your place! You hand over your house and sleep in a barn and you still can't stand up for yourself! Go back to sleep! [He grabs the startled farmer and hurls him onto the straw. He lies down on the straw himself, beside Rikichi, with a straw mat over his body for a blanket. He sighs] Kikuchiyo: Brings back memories.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Gorobei Katayama: Where shall we start our patrol? Kambei Shimada: The spot that worries us the most, of course. [Kambei and Gorobei arrive at a campfire near one of the roads, and find Kikuchiyo lying on the ground, his head propped up against a log and his feet resting on another log. He is supposed to be on guard, but is sound asleep. His sword is stuck upright in a pile of logs. Kambei and Gorobei exchange glances as they approach their snoring comrade. Softly Kambei comes forward and takes the sword away. The two hide behind a straw hut. Gorobei throws a rock, which wakes Kikuchiyo with a start. Kikuchiyo scrambles to the pile where his sword had been] Kikuchiyo: Who's there? [He feels around for the sword, only to find it gone. He grabs a log from the pile and brandishes it] Kikuchiyo: Who's there? Come on out! Kambei Shimada: Kikuchiyo. [Kikuchiyo whirls around to see Kambei and Gorobei standing behind him] Kambei Shimada: You're lucky it was us. If it had been the bandits... [He tosses Kikuchiyo his confiscated Nodachi] Kambei Shimada: ... You'd be looking for your head. [Kikuchiyo sinks down to his knees by the fire. He is so ashamed he can't speak]

§Seven Samurai ¤ Woman Farmer: Is there no god to protect us? Land tax, forced labor, war, drought and now bandits! The gods want us farmers dead!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: Hot damn! Look at all those girls! [He bounds enthusiastically over to Yohei and taps him playfully on the shoulder] Kikuchiyo: Where the hell have you been hiding these girls?

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kambei Shimada: We will engage the decisive battle. Fight bravely, Katsushiro... because you now are a real man! [All the peasants laugh]

§Seven Samurai ¤ [Kikuchiyo drags the bound bandit into a circle of vengeful, murderous farmers, laughing gleefully, and occasionally delivering a vengeful kick to his prisoner] Bandit: Help! [the bandit continues to struggle as he is dragged into the circle] Bandit: Help! Help me! [the samurai are desperately trying to hold back the crowd. The bandit's cries of 'Help!' continue on in the background. Kambei rushes into the circle] Kambei Shimada: Back off! He's confessed. He's begging for his life. We can't just cut him to pieces. [Heihachi tries to restrain a peasant carrying a bamboo spear] Peasant: Leave out of this! [Kambei tries to hold back Rikichi] Rikichi: Let me at him! [Suddenly, everyone stops and looks off-screen. The noise dies down. The old woman enters the vicious circle, carrying a hoe. Kambei and the other samurai watch as she shuffles past the silent crowd. Gisaku approaches the crowd and begins to speak] Gisaku: Let her avenge her son's death in her own way. Make way there. Somebody help her! [Rikichi pushes past Kambei and rushes forward. The other villagers follow him. The samurai turn away dejectedly]

§Seven Samurai ¤ Young Gambler 1: Look at him sobbing. Young Gambler 2: Misses his wifey. Young Gambler 1: I'd pay good money to watch the two of 'em going at it.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: You again! I see that bald head of yours in my dreams!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: Don't mess with me. I may look like hell, but I'm a real samurai!

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: Got what you deserved, you mud snails.

§Seven Samurai ¤ Kikuchiyo: Got a problem, gramps? Gisaku: Nope. All's well now.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down, and worry about our place in the dirt.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here.

§Interstellar ¤ Dr. Brand: Do not go gentle into that good night; Old age should burn and rave at close of day. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

§Interstellar ¤ Murph: [through video monitor] Hey Dad. You sonabitch. Never made one of these while you were still responding because I was so mad at you for leaving. And when you went quiet, it seemed like I should live with that decision, and I have. But today's my birthday. And it's a special one, because you told me... you once told me that by the time you came back we might be the same age. And today I'm the same age you were when you left. [crying] Murph: So it'd be a real good time for you to come back.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Once you're a parent, you're the ghost of your children's future.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: We've always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible. And we count these moments. These moments when we dare to aim higher, to break barriers, to reach for the stars, to make the unknown known. We count these moments as our proudest achievements. But we lost all that. Or perhaps we've just forgotten that we are still pioneers. And we've barely begun. And that our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, that our destiny lies above us.

§Interstellar ¤ TARS: [as Cooper repairs him] Settings. General settings. Security settings. TARS: Honesty, new setting: ninety-five percent. TARS: Confirmed. Additional settings. Cooper: Humor, seventy-five percent. TARS: Confirmed. Self destruct sequence in T minus 10, 9... Cooper: Let's make that sixty percent. TARS: Sixty percent, confirmed. Knock knock. Cooper: You want fifty-five?

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: You're ruling my son out for college now? The kid's fifteen. Principal: Tom's score simply isn't high enough. Cooper: What's your waistline? 32? With, what, a 33 inseam? Principal: I'm not sure I see what you're getting at. Cooper: You're telling me it takes two numbers to measure your own ass but only one to measure my son's future?

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Hey TARS, what's your honesty parameter? TARS: 90 percent. Cooper: 90 percent? TARS: Absolute honesty isn't always the most diplomatic nor the safest form of communication with emotional beings. Cooper: Okay, 90 percent it is.

§Interstellar ¤ CASE: Endurance rotation is 67, 68 RPM. Cooper: CASE, get ready to match our spin with the retro thrusters. CASE: It's not possible. Cooper: No. It's necessary.

§Interstellar ¤ TARS: Everybody good? Plenty of slaves for my robot colony?

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: [whispering] Tell me something. Doctor Brand, and Edmonds... TARS: Why are you whispering? They can't hear you. Cooper: Doctor Brand and Edmonds, they close? TARS: I wouldn't know. Cooper: Is that a ninety percent wouldn't know, or ten percent wouldn't know? TARS: I also have a discretion setting, Cooper. Cooper: Ah. But not a poker face, huh?

§Interstellar ¤ Murph: [as Cooper holds his now elderly daughter's hands] Nobody believed me, but I knew you'd come back. Cooper: How? Murph: ...Because my dad promised me.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: You're a scientist, Brand. Brand: So listen to me when I say that love isn't something that we invented. It's... observable, powerful. It has to mean something. Cooper: Love has meaning, yes. Social utility, social bonding, child rearing... Brand: We love people who have died. Where's the social utility in that? Cooper: None. Brand: Maybe it means something more - something we can't yet understand. Maybe it's some evidence, some artefact of a higher dimension that we can't consciously perceive. I'm drawn across the universe to someone I haven't seen in a decade, who I know is probably dead. Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends dimensions of time and space. Maybe we should trust that, even if we can't understand it. All right Cooper. Yes. The tiniest possibility of seeing Wolf again excites me. That doesn't mean I'm wrong. Cooper: Honestly, Amelia... it might.

§Interstellar ¤ TARS: I have a cue light I can use to show you when I'm joking, if you like. Cooper: That might help. TARS: Yeah, you can use it to find your way back to the ship after I blow you out the airlock. [cue light flashes]

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Dr. Mann there's a 50/50 chance your gonna kill yourself. Dr. Mann: Those are the best odds I've had in years.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: This world's a treasure, Don; but it's been telling us to leave for a while now.

§Interstellar ¤ [after the explosion] Cooper: What's your trust setting, TARS? TARS: Lower than yours, apparently

§Interstellar ¤ CASE: Ranger 2, prepare to detach. Brand: What! NO, NO! Cooper! Cooper, what are you doing? Cooper: Newton's third law. You've got to leave something behind. Brand: You said there were enough resources for both of us! Cooper: We agreed, Dr. Brand... ninety percent.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: [to young Murph] Tell him Murph. Make him stay. Make... Make him stay Murph. Make him stay Murph! Don't let me leave, Murph! Don't, don't let me leave Murph! NO, NO, NO, NO! Murph: It was you. You were my ghost. TARS: Cooper... Cooper... Come in, Cooper. Cooper: TARS? TARS: Roger that. Cooper: You survived! TARS: Somewhere, in their fifth dimension, they... saved us. Cooper: Who the hell is they? Why would they want to help us, huh? TARS: I don't know, but they constructed this three-dimensional space inside of their five-dimensional reality to allow you to understand it. Cooper: Well, it ain't working. TARS: Yes it is! You've seen that time is represented here as a *physical* dimension! You've worked out that you *can* exert a force across space-time! Cooper: Gravity. To send a message. TARS: Affirmative. Cooper: Gravity can cross the dimensions, including time.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: You don't believe we went to the Moon? Ms. Kelly: I believe it was a brilliant piece of propaganda, that the Soviets bankrupted themselves, pouring resources into rockets and other useless machines... Cooper: Useless machines? Ms. Kelly: And if we don't want to repeat of the excess and wastefulness of the 20th Century then we need to teach our kids about this planet, not tales of leaving it. Cooper: You know, one of those useless machines they used to make was called an MRI, and if we had any of those left the doctors would have been able to find the cyst in my wife's brain, *before* she died instead of after, and then she would've been the one sitting here, listening to this instead of me, which would've been a good thing because she was always the... calmer one.

§Interstellar ¤ Young Murph: Why did you and mom name me after something that's bad? Cooper: Well, we didn't. Young Murph: Murphy's law? Cooper: Murphy's law doesn't mean that something bad will happen. It means that whatever *can* happen, will happen. And that sounded just fine to us.

§Interstellar ¤ Doyle: We have a mission. Cooper: Yeah, and our mission is to find a planet that can habitate the people living on Earth right now. Okay? Plan A does not work if the people on Earth are dead by the time we pull it off.

§Interstellar ¤ Brand: Love is the one thing we're capable of perceiving that transcends time and space.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: I'm here now, Murph. I'm here. Murph: No. No parent should have to watch their own child die. I have my kids here for me now. You go. Cooper: Where? Murph: Brand. She's... out there. Setting up camp. Alone, in a strange galaxy. Maybe right now, she's settling in for the long nap. By the light of our new sun. In our new home.

§Interstellar ¤ Dr. Brand: I'm not afraid of death. I'm an old physicist - I'm afraid of time.

§Interstellar ¤ Dr. Brand: Not sure of what I'm more afraid of: them never coming back, or coming back to find we've failed. Murph: Then let's succeed.

§Interstellar ¤ Doyle: You can't just think about your family. You have to think bigger than that. Cooper: I'm thinking about my family and millions of other families.

§Interstellar ¤ Brand: Cooper, you can't ask TARS to do this for us. Cooper: He's a robot. So you don't have to *ask* him to do anything. Brand: Cooper, you asshole! Cooper: Sorry, you broke up a little bit there. TARS: It's what we intended, Dr. Brand. It's our only chance to save the people on Earth. If I can find a way to transmit the quantum data I'll find in there, they might still make it.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Okay. Now you need to tell me what your plan is to save the world. Dr. Brand: We're not meant to save the world. We're meant to leave it. Cooper: [looks up, sees space ships] Rangers. Dr. Brand: The last components of our one versatile ship in orbit, the Endurance. Our final expedition. Cooper: You sent people out there looking for a new home? Dr. Brand: The Lazarus missions. Cooper: That sounds cheerful. Dr. Brand: Lazarus came back from the dead. Cooper: Sure, but he had to die in the first place. There's not a planet in our solar system that can sustain life and the nearest star is over a thousand years away, I mean, that doesn't even qualify as futile. Where'd you send them? Dr. Brand: Cooper, I can't tell you any more, unless you agree to pilot this craft. You're the best pilot we ever had. Cooper: And I barely left the stratosphere. Dr. Brand: This team never left the simulator. We need a pilot, and this is the mission that you were trained for. Cooper: What, without even knowing it? An hour ago, you didn't even know I was alive and you were going anyway. Dr. Brand: We had no choice. But something sent you here. They chose you. Cooper: Well who's "they"? [Dr. Brand does not answer] Cooper: How long would I be gone? Dr. Brand: Hard to know. Years. Cooper: I've got kids, professor. Dr. Brand: Get out there, and save them.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Everybody ready to say goodbye to our solar system? Romilly: To our galaxy.

§Interstellar ¤ Brand: You might have to decide between seeing your children again and the future of the human race.

§Interstellar ¤ Brand: Time is relative, okay? It can stretch and it can squeeze, but... it can't run backwards. Just can't. The only thing that can move across dimensions, like time, is gravity.

§Interstellar ¤ [comforting his daughter] Cooper: I love you, forever. You hear me? I love you forever. And I'm coming back. I'm coming back.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: It's hard leaving everything... my kids, your father... Brand: [cutting him off] We're gonna be spending a lot of time together... Cooper: We should learn to talk. Brand: And when not to. Just being honest. Cooper: I don't think you need to be *that* honest.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: After you kids came along, your mom, she said something to me I never quite understood. She said, "Now, we're just here to be memories for our kids." I think now I understand what she meant. Once you're a parent, you're the ghost of your children's future.

§Interstellar ¤ Doyle: Where's the rest? Brand: Towards the mountains! Cooper: Those aren't mountains... they're waves. Brand: Oh shit. Oh shit! Cooper: That one's moving away from us... Brand: [struggling through the water] We need the recorder! Cooper: [he looks in the other direction and sees a mounting wave towering thousands of feet over them] Brand, Doyle, back to the Ranger, now!

§Interstellar ¤ Young Murph: What are you gonna do with it? Cooper: I'm going to give it something socially responsible to do. Like drive a combine. Young Murph: Can't we just let it go? It wasn't hurting anybody. Cooper: This thing needs to learn how to adapt, Murph. Like the rest of us.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: You'd do this for us? TARS: Before you get all teary, try to remember that as a robot, I have to do anything you say. Cooper: Your cue light's broken. TARS: I'm not joking. *Flashes cue light*

§Interstellar ¤ TARS: I wouldn't leave you behind... Dr. Brand.

§Interstellar ¤ TARS: Cooper, they didn't bring us here to change the past. Cooper: Say that again. TARS: They didn't bring us here to change the past. Cooper: [realizing] But they didn't bring us here at all. We brought ourselves. TARS, give me the coordinates for NASA, in binary. TARS: In binary, roger, feeding data. [Cooper creates the binary lines in the dust on Murphy's bedroom floor] Murph: It's not a ghost... it's gravity. Cooper: Don't you get it yet, TARS? I brought myself here! We're here to communicate with the three-dimensional world! We're the bridge! I thought they chose me. But they didn't choose me, they chose her! TARS: For what, Cooper? Cooper: To save the world! All of this, is one little girl's bedroom, every moment! It's infinitely complex! They have access, to infinite time and space, but they're not *bound* by anything! They can't find a specific place *in* time, they can't communicate. That's why I'm here. I'm gonna find a way to tell Murph, just like I found this moment. TARS: How, Cooper? Cooper: Love, TARS, love. It's just like Brand said. My connection with Murph, it is quantifiable. It's the key! TARS: What are we here to do? Cooper: Find how to tell her... The watch... The watch. That's it. We code the data into the movement of the second hand. TARS, translate the data into Morse and feed it to me. TARS: Translating data to Morse. Cooper, what if she never came back for it? Cooper: She will. She will. Getty: [watching for Tom] Murph I can see his car! He's coming, Murph! Murph: Okay. I'm coming down! TARS: How do you know? Cooper: Because I gave it to her. Murph: [rushing downstairs with the watch] He came back! It was him! All this time, I didn't, I didn't know it was him! Dad's gonna save us!

§Interstellar ¤ Dr. Mann: You're feeling it, aren't you? The survival instinct. That's what drove me. It's what drives all of us. And it's what's gonna save us. Cause I'm gonna save all of us. For you, Cooper.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Oh we are not prepared for this. We have the survival skills of a Boy Scout troop! Brand: Well we got this far on our brains, further than any human in history. Cooper: Well not far enough! And now we're stuck *here*, until there won't be anyone on Earth left to save! Brand: I'm counting every minute, same as you, Cooper.

§Interstellar ¤ Dr. Mann: Don't judge me, Cooper. You were never tested like I was. Few men have been.

§Interstellar ¤ Donald: Popcorn at a ball game is unnatural. I want a hot dog.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: Well, this little maneuver's gonna cost us 51 years! Brand: You don't sound so bad for a man pushing 120!

§Interstellar ¤ Brand: Couldn't you've told her you were going to save the world? Cooper: No. When you become a parent, one thing becomes really clear. And that's that you want to make sure your children feel safe. And that rules out telling a 10-year old that the world's ending.

§Interstellar ¤ Young Murph: Dad? Cooper: Sorry, Murph. Go back to bed. Young Murph: I thought you were the ghost. Cooper: There are no such things as ghosts, babe. Young Murph: Grandpa says you can get ghosts. Cooper: Maybe that's because Grandpa is a little too close to being one himself. Go back to bed.

§Interstellar ¤ Cooper: We're still pioneers, we barely begun. Our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us, cause our destiny lies above us.

§Interstellar ¤ Brand: Maybe we've spent too long trying to figure all this out with theory. Cooper: You're a scientist, Brand. Brand: So listen to me, when I say that love is not something we invented. It's observable, powerful. It has to mean something. Cooper: Love has meaning, yes. Social utility, social bonding, child rearing... Brand: We love people who've died. Where's the "social utility" in that? Cooper: None.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Well, Clarice - have the lambs stopped screaming?

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ [last lines] Hannibal Lecter: [on telephone] I do wish we could chat longer, but... I'm having an old friend for dinner. Bye. Clarice Starling: Dr. Lecter?... Dr. Lecter?... Dr. Lecter?... Dr. Lecter?...

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: First principles, Clarice. Simplicity. Read Marcus Aurelius. Of each particular thing ask: what is it in itself? What is its nature? What does he do, this man you seek? Clarice Starling: He kills women... Hannibal Lecter: No. That is incidental. What is the first and principal thing he does? What needs does he serve by killing? Clarice Starling: Anger, um, social acceptance, and, huh, sexual frustrations, sir... Hannibal Lecter: No! He covets. That is his nature. And how do we begin to covet, Clarice? Do we seek out things to covet? Make an effort to answer now. Clarice Starling: No. We just... Hannibal Lecter: No. We begin by coveting what we see every day. Don't you feel eyes moving over your body, Clarice? And don't your eyes seek out the things you want?

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Tell me, Senator: did you nurse Catherine yourself? Senator Ruth Martin: What? Hannibal Lecter: Did you breast-feed her? Paul Krendler: Now wait a minute... Senator Ruth Martin: Yes, I did. Hannibal Lecter: Toughened your nipples, didn't it? Paul Krendler: You son of a bitch! Hannibal Lecter: Amputate a man's leg and he can still feel it tickling. Tell me, mum, when your little girl is on the slab, where will it tickle you? Senator Ruth Martin: Take this... *thing* back to Baltimore! Hannibal Lecter: Five foot ten, strongly built, about a hundred and eighty pounds; hair blonde, eyes pale blue. He'd be about thirty-five now. He said he lived in Philadelphia, but he may have lied. That's all I can remember, mum, but if I think of any more, I will let you know. Oh, and Senator, just one more thing: love your suit!

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: [shouts] No! [normal voice] Hannibal Lecter: I will listen now. After your father's murder, you were orphaned. You were ten years old. You went to live with cousins on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana. And...? Clarice Starling: [tears begin forming in her eyes] And one morning, I just ran away. Hannibal Lecter: No "just", Clarice. What set you off? You started at what time? Clarice Starling: Early, still dark. Hannibal Lecter: Then something woke you, didn't it? Was it a dream? What was it? Clarice Starling: I heard a strange noise. Hannibal Lecter: What was it? Clarice Starling: It was... screaming. Some kind of screaming, like a child's voice. Hannibal Lecter: What did you do? Clarice Starling: I went downstairs, outside. I crept up into the barn. I was so scared to look inside, but I had to. Hannibal Lecter: And what did you see, Clarice? What did you see? Clarice Starling: Lambs. The lambs were screaming. Hannibal Lecter: They were slaughtering the spring lambs? Clarice Starling: And they were screaming. Hannibal Lecter: And you ran away? Clarice Starling: No. First I tried to free them. I... I opened the gate to their pen, but they wouldn't run. They just stood there, confused. They wouldn't run. Hannibal Lecter: But you could and you did, didn't you? Clarice Starling: Yes. I took one lamb, and I ran away as fast as I could. Hannibal Lecter: Where were you going, Clarice? Clarice Starling: I don't know. I didn't have any food, any water and it was very cold, very cold. I thought, I thought if I could save just one, but... he was so heavy. So heavy. I didn't get more than a few miles when the sheriff's car picked me up. The rancher was so angry he sent me to live at the Lutheran orphanage in Bozeman. I never saw the ranch again. Hannibal Lecter: What became of your lamb, Clarice? Clarice Starling: They killed him.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Why do you think he removes their skins, Agent Starling? [sarcastically] Hannibal Lecter: Enthrall me with your acumen. Clarice Starling: It excites him. Most serial killers keep some sort of trophies from their victims. Hannibal Lecter: I didn't. Clarice Starling: No. No, you ate yours. Hannibal Lecter: You can pass that through, now...

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: It rubs the lotion on its skin. It does this whenever it is told. Catherine Martin: Mister... my family will pay cash. Whatever ransom you're askin' for, they pay it. Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. [to his dog, Precious] Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Yes, it will, Precious, won't it? It will get the hose! Catherine Martin: Okay... okay... okay. Mister, if you let me go, I won't - I won't press charges I promise. See, my mom is a real important woman... I guess you already know that. Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Now it places the lotion in the basket. Catherine Martin: Please! Please I wanna go home! I wanna go home please! Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: It places the lotion in the basket. Catherine Martin: I wanna see my mommy! Please I wanna see my... Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Put the fucking lotion in the basket!

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: You know what you look like to me, with your good bag and your cheap shoes? You look like a rube. A well scrubbed, hustling rube with a little taste. Good nutrition's given you some length of bone, but you're not more than one generation from poor white trash, are you, Agent Starling? And that accent you've tried so desperately to shed: pure West Virginia. What is your father, dear? Is he a coal miner? Does he stink of the lamp? You know how quickly the boys found you... all those tedious sticky fumblings in the back seats of cars... while you could only dream of getting out... getting anywhere... getting all the way to the FBI. Clarice Starling: You see a lot, Doctor. But are you strong enough to point that high-powered perception at yourself? What about it? Why don't you - why don't you look at yourself and write down what you see? Or maybe you're afraid to.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: Where are you, Dr. Lecter? Hannibal Lecter: I've no plans to call on you, Clarice. The world is more interesting with you in it.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: [Hannibal Lecter has escaped] He won't come after me. Ardelia Mapp: Oh really? Clarice Starling: He won't. I can't explain it... He - he would consider that rude.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Look for severe childhood disturbances associated with violence. Our Billy wasn't born a criminal, Clarice. He was made one through years of systematic abuse. Billy hates his own identity, you see, and he thinks that makes him a transsexual. But his pathology is a thousand times more savage and more terrifying.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Jack Crawford: Starling, when I told that sheriff we shouldn't talk in front of a woman, that really burned you, didn't it? It was just smoke, Starling. I had to get rid of him. Clarice Starling: It matters, Mr Crawford. Cops look at you to see how to act. It matters. Jack Crawford: Point taken.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Jack Crawford: Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: You're very frank, Clarice. I think it would be quite something to know you in private life.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: [to a mirror] Would you fuck me? I'd fuck me. I'd fuck me hard. I'd fuck me so hard.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Jack Crawford is helping your career isn't he? Apparently he likes you and you like him too. Clarice Starling: I never thought about it. Hannibal Lecter: Do you think that Jack Crawford wants you sexually? True, he is much older but do you think he visualizes scenarios, exchanges, fucking you? Clarice Starling: That doesn't interest me Doctor and frankly, it's, it's the sort of thing that Miggs would say. Hannibal Lecter: Not anymore.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: Did you do all these drawings, Doctor? Hannibal Lecter: Ah. That is the Duomo seen from the Belvedere. Do you know Florence? Clarice Starling: All that detail just from memory, sir? Hannibal Lecter: Memory, Agent Starling, is what I have instead of a view.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: You still wake up sometimes, don't you? You wake up in the dark and hear the screaming of the lambs. Clarice Starling: Yes. Hannibal Lecter: And you think if you save poor Catherine, you could make them stop, don't you? You think if Catherine lives, you won't wake up in the dark ever again to that awful screaming of the lambs. Clarice Starling: I don't know. I don't know. Hannibal Lecter: Thank you, Clarice. Thank you. Clarice Starling: Tell me his name, Doctor. Hannibal Lecter: Dr. Chilton, I presume. I think you know each other. Dr. Frederick Chilton: Okay. Let's go. Clarice Starling: It's your turn, Doctor. Dr. Frederick Chilton: Out! Clarice Starling: Tell me his name! Boyle: I'm sorry, ma'am. We've got orders. We have to put you on a plane. Come on, now. [Chilton and the guards start leading Clarice out] Hannibal Lecter: Brave Clarice. You will let me know when those lambs stop screaming, won't you? Clarice Starling: Tell me his name, Doctor! Hannibal Lecter: Clarice, your case file. Goodbye, Clarice.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Ardelia Mapp: Is this Lecter's handwriting? "Clarice, doesn't this random scattering of sites seem desperately random - like the elaborations of a bad liar? Ta, Hannibal Lecter." Clarice Starling: "Desperately random." What does he mean? Ardelia Mapp: Not random at all, maybe. Like there's some pattern here...? Clarice Starling: But there is no pattern or the computers would've nailed it. They're even found in random order. Ardelia Mapp: Random because of the one girl. The one he weighted down. Clarice Starling: Oh, Fredrica Bimmel, from... Belvedere, Ohio. First girl taken, third body found. Why? Ardelia Mapp: 'Cause she didn't drift. He weighted her down. Clarice Starling: What did Lecter say about... first principles? Ardelia Mapp: Simplicity... Clarice Starling: What does this guy do, he "covets". How do we first start to covet? Ardelia Mapp: "We covet what we see -" Clarice Starling: " - every day." Ardelia Mapp: Hot damn, Clarice. Clarice Starling: He knew her.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: People will say we're in love.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Dr. Frederick Chilton: I am going to show you why we insist on such precautions. On the evening of July 8th, 1981, he complained of chest pains and was taken to the dispensary. His mouthpiece and restraints were removed for an EKG. When the nurse leaned over him, he did this to her. [pulls out photo] Dr. Frederick Chilton: The doctors managed to reset her jaw more or less. Saved one of her eyes. His pulse never got above 85, even when he ate her tongue.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Now then, tell me. What did Miggs say to you? Multiple Miggs in the next cell. He hissed at you. What did he say? Clarice Starling: He said, "I can smell your cunt." Hannibal Lecter: I see. I myself cannot. You use Evyan skin cream, and sometimes you wear L'Air du Temps, but not today.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: [to Hannibal Lecter] Your anagrams are showing, Doctor. Louis Friend? Iron sulfide, also known as fool's gold.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: If you didn't kill him, then who did, sir? Hannibal Lecter: Who can say. Best thing for him, really. His therapy was going nowhere.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: All good things to those who wait.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Closer, please. Clo-ser...

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: Your name is? Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Oh, uh Jack Gordon. Clarice Starling: Mr. Gordon, good, uh... well Frederica used to work for Mrs. Lippman. Did you know her? Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: No, nuh-uh. Oh wait... was she a great big fat person? Clarice Starling: Yeah she was a big girl, sir. Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Yeah, I may've... no I read about her in the newspaper. Um, Mrs. Lippman had a son though, maybe he could help you. I got his card in here someplace. Do you wanna come in while I look for it? Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Are you close to catching somebody you think? Clarice Starling: Yes. We may be. Did you... take over this place after Mrs. Lippman died, is that right? Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Yeah I - I bought this house... two years ago. Clarice Starling: [looking around] Did she leave any records? Any business records, tax forms, lists of employees? Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: No, nothin' like that at all. Say, does the FBI learn somethin? The police around here don't seem to have the first clue. [Clarice notices a moth] Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: ... I mean have you got like a description, fingerprints, anything like that? Clarice Starling: No. No I don't. [Clarice unbuttons her gun holster] Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: Oh, here's that number! Clarice Starling: Very good Mr. Gordon. May I use your phone please? Jame "Buffalo Bill" Gumb: [Gumb starts laughing] Sure you can use me phone. Clarice Starling: [draws her gun] Freeze! Put your hands over your head and turn around! Spread your legs! Spread your legs! Put your hands in the back... thumbs up - FREEZE! [Gumb runs off]

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Dr. Frederick Chilton: Do not touch the glass. Do not approach the glass. You pass him nothing but soft paper - no pencils or pens. No staples or paperclips in his paper. Use the sliding food carrier, no exceptions. If he attempts to pass you anything, do not accept it. Do you understand me?

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: Hester Mofet. It's an anagram, isn't it, Doctor? Hester Mofet, "The rest of me". "Miss the rest of me," meaning that you rented that garage?

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: "Plum Island Animal Disease Research Center." Sounds charming. Clarice Starling: That's only a part of the island. There's a very, very nice beach. Terns nest there. There's beautiful... Hannibal Lecter: [cuts her off] Terns? Mmh. If I help you, Clarice, it will be "turns" with us too. Quid pro quo. I tell you things, you tell me things. Not about this case, though. About yourself. Quid pro quo. Yes or no? [pause] Hannibal Lecter: Yes or no, Clarice? Poor little Catherine is waiting. Clarice Starling: Go, doctor.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Murray: Is it true what they're sayin'? Clarice Starling: [looks up from her notepad] Huh? Murray: He's some kinda vampire? Clarice Starling: They don't have a name for what he is.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: You fly back to school, now, little Starling. Fly, fly, fly...

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: But I thought the "yourself" reference was too hokey for Lecter, so I figured he's from Baltimore, and I looked in the phone book, and there's a "Your Self Storage" facility, right outside of downtown Baltimore, sir.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Miggs: [looks at Clarice after throwing his semen at her] Got you. [laughs insanely] Friendly Psychopath: Miggs, you stupid fuck!

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Jack Crawford: I remember you from my seminar at UVA. You grilled me pretty hard, as I recall, on the bureau's civil rights record in the Hoover years. I gave you an A. Clarice Starling: A-minus, Sir.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Jack Crawford: Just do your job, but never forget what he is. Clarice Starling: And what is that? [cut to Clarice's first trip to the psychiatric prison] Dr. Frederick Chilton: Oh, he's a monster. Pure psychopath. So rare to capture one alive. From a research point of view, Lecter is our most prized asset.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ [Pembry can be heard moaning in the background] Hannibal Lecter: Ready when you are, Sergeant Pembry.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Dr. Frederick Chilton: We've tried to study him, of course, but he's much too sophisticated for the standard tests.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Good evening, Clarice.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Roden: Sphingid ceratonia, maybe. [cuts open cocoon] Roden: Agent Starling, meet Mr. Acherontia styx. Pilcher: Weird. Roden: Better known to his friends as the Death's-head moth.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Clarice Starling: I graduated from UVa, Captain; it's not exactly a charm school.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Roden: [Upon learning where the Death's-Head Moth came from] You mean this is like a clue from a real murder case? Cool! Pilcher: [to Clarice] Just ignore him, he's not a PhD.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Pilcher: What do you do when you're not detecting, Agent Starling? Clarice Starling: I try to be a student, Dr. Pilcher. Pilcher: Ever go out for cheeseburgers and beer? The amusing house wine? Clarice Starling: Are you hitting on me, doctor? Pilcher: Yes.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Dr. Frederick Chilton: Crawford is very clever, isn't he, using you? Clarice Starling: What do you mean, sir? Dr. Frederick Chilton: A pretty young woman to turn him on. I don't believe Lecter's even seen a woman in eight years. And oh, are you ever his taste. So to speak.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: There are three major centers for transsexual surgery - Johns Hopkins, University of Minnesota, and Columbus Medical Center.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Miggs: I bit my wrist... LOOK AT THE BLOOD!

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: I would not have had that happen to you, discourtesy is unspeakably ugly to me.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Miggs: I can smell your cunt.

§The Silence of the Lambs ¤ Hannibal Lecter: Advancement, of course. Listen carefully. Look deep within yourself, Clarice Starling. Go seek out Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-o-f-e-t. Go now, I don't think Miggs could manage again quite so soon, even though he is crazy. [shouting] Hannibal Lecter: Go now!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [weakly mutters something after being mortally wounded] Private Ryan: [leans in closer] What, sir? Captain Miller: James, earn this... earn it.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Mellish: Fucked Up Beyond All Recognition, right? Upham: You got that right. [thinks for a moment] Upham: FUBAR.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: This Ryan better be worth it. He'd better go home, cure some disease, or invent a longer-lasting light bulb or something.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: James Francis Ryan of Iowa? Private Ryan: Yes, sir. Paton, Iowa, that's correct. What is this about? Captain Miller: Your brothers were killed in combat. Private Ryan: Which - Which ones? Captain Miller: All of them. [Ryan pauses in shock and then begins to cry]

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: I'm a schoolteacher. I teach English composition... in this little town called Adley, Pennsylvania. The last eleven years, I've been at Thomas Alva Edison High School. I was a coach of the baseball team in the springtime. Back home, I tell people what I do for a living and they think well, now that figures. But over here, it's a big, a big mystery. So, I guess I've changed some. Sometimes I wonder if I've changed so much my wife is even going to recognize me, whenever it is that I get back to her. And how I'll ever be able to tell her about days like today. Ah, Ryan. I don't know anything about Ryan. I don't care. The man means nothing to me. It's just a name. But if... You know if going to Rumelle and finding him so that he can go home. If that earns me the right to get back to my wife, then that's my mission. [to Private Reiben] Captain Miller: You want to leave? You want to go off and fight the war? All right. All right. I won't stop you. I'll even put in the paperwork. I just know that every man I kill the farther away from home I feel.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Gen. George C. Marshall: My dear Mrs Ryan: It's with the most profound sense of joy that I write to inform you your son, Private James Ryan, is well and, at this very moment, on his way home from European battlefields. Reports from the front indicate James did his duty in combat with great courage and steadfast dedication, even after he was informed of the tragic loss your family has suffered in this great campaign to rid the world of tyranny and oppresion. I take great pleasure in joining the Secretary of War, the men and women of the U.S. Army, and the citizens of a grateful nation in wishing you good health and many years of happiness with James at your side. Nothing, not even the safe return of a beloved son, can compensate you, or the thousands of other American families, who have suffered great loss in this tragic war. I might share with you some words which have sustained me through long, dark nights of peril, loss, and heartache. And I quote: "I pray that our Heavenly Father may assuage the anguish of your bereavement, and leave you only the cherished memory of the loved and lost, and the solemn pride that must be yours to have laid so costly a sacrifice upon the alter of freedom." -Abraham Lincoln. Yours very sincerely and respectfully, George C. Marshall, General, Chief of Staff.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Parker: [firing machine gun] I'm out of .30 Caliber! Private Jackson: [lining shots] Blessed be the Lord my strength, which teaches my hands to war, and my fingers to fight. [Fires rifle twice] Private Jackson: My goodness and my fortress... my high tower and my Deliverer. [Fires rifle] Private Jackson: My shield, and he in whom I trust. [Fires rifle, then to his rifle] Private Jackson: Here you go baby. [Fires rifle few more times. Notices a tank has spotted them] Private Jackson: Parker, get down!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [Being told he can go home] Private Ryan: Hell, these guys deserve to go home as much as I do. They've fought just as hard. Captain Miller: Is that what I'm supposed to tell your mother when she gets another folded American flag? Private Ryan: You can tell her that when you found me, I was with the only brothers I had left. And that there was no way I was deserting them. I think she'd understand that.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Jackson: Sir... I have an opinion on this matter. Captain Miller: Well, by all means, share it with the squad. Private Jackson: Well, from my way of thinking, sir, this entire mission is a serious misallocation of valuable military resources. Captain Miller: Yeah. Go on. Private Jackson: Well, it seems to me, sir, that God gave me a special gift, made me a fine instrument of warfare. Captain Miller: Reiben, pay attention. Now, this is the way to gripe. Continue, Jackson. Private Jackson: Well, what I mean by that, sir, is... if you was to put me and this here sniper rifle anywhere up to and including one mile of Adolf Hitler with a clear line of sight, sir... pack your bags, fellas, war's over. Amen. Private Reiben: Oh, that's brilliant, bumpkin. Hey, so, Captain, what about you? I mean, you don't gripe at all? Captain Miller: I don't gripe to *you*, Reiben. I'm a captain. There's a chain of command. Gripes go up, not down. Always up. You gripe to me, I gripe to my superior officer, so on, so on, and so on. I don't gripe to you. I don't gripe in front of you. You should know that as a Ranger. Private Reiben: I'm sorry, sir, but uh... let's say you weren't a captain, or maybe I was a major. What would you say then? Captain Miller: Well, in that case... I'd say, "This is an excellent mission, sir, with an extremely valuable objective, sir, worthy of my best efforts, sir. Moreover... I feel heartfelt sorrow for the mother of Private James Ryan and am willing to lay down my life and the lives of my men - especially you, Reiben - to ease her suffering." Mellish: [chuckles] He's good. Private Caparzo: I love him. [they make mocking kissy-faces at each other]

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: You see, when... when you end up killing one of your men, you see, you tell yourself it happened so you could save the lives of two or three or ten others. Maybe a hundred others. Do you know how many men I've lost under my command? Sergeant Horvath: How many? Captain Miller: Ninety-four. But that means I've saved the lives of ten times that many, doesn't it? Maybe even 20, right? Twenty times as many? And that's how simple it is. That's how you... that's how you rationalize making the choice between the mission and the man.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Reiben: I got a bad feeling about this one. Captain Miller: When was the last time you felt good about anything?

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: Well when I think of home, I... I think of something specific. I think of my, my hammock in the backyard or my wife pruning the rosebushes in a pair of my old work gloves. Private Ryan: This, this one night, two of my brothers came and woke me up in the middle of the night. And they said they had a surprise for me. So they took me to the barn up in the loft and there was my oldest brother, Dan, with Alice, Alice Jardine. I mean, picture a girl who just took a nosedive from the ugly tree and hit every branch coming down. And... and Dan's got his shirt off and he's working on this bra and he's tryin to get it off and all of a sudden Shawn just screams out, "Danny you're a young man, don't do it!" And so Alice Jardine hears this and she screams and she jumps up and she tries to get running out of the barn but she's still got this shirt over her head. She goes running right into the wall and knocks herself out. So now Danny's just so mad at us. He, he starts coming after us, but... but at the same time Alice is over there unconscious. He's gotta wa... , wake her up. So he grabs her by a leg and he's drag, dragging her. At the same time he picks up a shovel. And he's going after Shawn, and Shawn's saying, "What are you trying to hit me for? I just did you a favor!" And so this makes Dan more angry. He tries to swing this thing, he looses the shovel, goes outta his grasp and hits a kerosene lantern; the thing explodes, the whole barn almost goes up because of this thing. That was it. That was the last, that was, Dan went off to basic the next day. That was the last night the four of us were together. That was two years ago. Tell me about your wife and those rosebushes? Captain Miller: No, no that one I save just for me.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Medic Wade: Only thing is, sometimes she'd come home early, and I'd pretend to be asleep Mellish: Who, your mom? Medic Wade: Yeah. She'd stand in the doorway looking at me... and I'd just keep my eyes shut. And I knew she just wanted to find out about my day - that she came home early... just to talk to me. And I still wouldn't move... I'd still pretend to just be asleep. I don't know why I did that.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Medic Wade: We stopped the bleeding! We stopped the bleeding! [a bullet hits the patient in the head] Medic Wade: Fuck! Just give us a fucking chance you son of a bitch! You son of a fucking cocksucker!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Gen. George C. Marshall: I have a letter here, written a long time ago, to a Mrs. Bixby in Boston. So bear with me. "Dear Madam: I have been shown in the files of the War Department a statement of the Adjutant-General of Massachusetts that you are the mother of five sons who have died gloriously on the field of battle. I feel how weak and fruitless must be any words of mine which should attempt to beguile you from the grief of a loss so overwhelming. But I cannot refrain from tendering to you the consolation that may be found in the thanks of the Republic they died to save. I pray that our heavenly Father may assuage the anguish of your bereavement, and leave you only the cherished memory of the loved and lost, and the solemn pride that must be yours to have laid so costly a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom. Yours very sincerely and respectfully, Abraham Lincoln."

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Lieutenant Dewindt: FUBAR. Private Reiben: FUBAR. Sergeant Horvath: FUBAR. Captain Miller: FUBAR Private Jackson: Y'all got that right. Corporal Upham: I looked up "fubar" in the German dictionary and there's no fubar in here.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Ryan: Picture a girl who took a nosedive from the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Reiben: [shouts at Private Ryan] Hey asshole! Two of our guys died trying to find you, all right?

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Old James Ryan: [Last lines, addressing Capt. Miller's grave] My family is with me today. They wanted to come with me. To be honest with you, I wasn't sure how I'd feel coming back here. Every day I think about what you said to me that day on the bridge. I tried to live my life the best that I could. I hope that was enough. I hope that, at least in your eyes, I've earned what all of you have done for me. Ryan's Wife: James?... [looking at headstone] Ryan's Wife: Captain John H Miller. Old James Ryan: Tell me I have led a good life. Ryan's Wife: What? Old James Ryan: Tell me I'm a good man. Ryan's Wife: You *are*. [Walks away] Old James Ryan: [Stands back and salutes]

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Reiben: What's the saying? "If God's on our side, who the hell could be on theirs?" Upham: "If God is for us, who could be against us?" Private Reiben: Yeah, what'd I say?

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Reiben: You wanna explain the math of this to me? I mean, where's the sense of riskin' the lives of the eight of us to save one guy? Captain Miller: Twenty degrees. Anybody wanna answer that? Medic Wade: Reiben, think about the poor bastard's mother. Private Reiben: Hey, Doc, I got a mother, all right? I mean, you got a mother. Sarge's got a mother. I mean, shit, I bet even the captain's got a mother. [he turns and looks at Miller, who has a bemused expression on his face] Private Reiben: Well, maybe not the captain, but the rest of us got mothers. Upham: "Theirs not to reason why, theirs but to do and die." Mellish: La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la, la-la, la-la, la-la, la-la. What the fuck is that supposed to mean, Corporal, huh? We're all supposed to die, is that it? Captain Miller: Upham's talking about our duty as soldiers. Upham: Yes, sir. Captain Miller: We all have orders, and we have to follow 'em. That supersedes everything, including your mothers. Upham: Yes, sir. Thank you sir. Private Reiben: Even if you think the mission's FUBAR, sir? Captain Miller: *Especially* if you think the mission's FUBAR.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [talking about how to disable the tanks] Captain Miller: You take a standard G.I sock, cram it with as much Composition B as it can hold, rig up a simple fuse, then coat the whole thing with axel grease. Now when you throw it, it should stick. Its a bomb that sticks, its a "sticky bomb". Think of a better way to knock out the tracks, I'm all ears. Private Reiben: This is good. Now we gotta surrender our socks.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Steamboat Willie: Please, I like America! Fancy schmancy! What a cinch! Go fly a kite! Cat got your tongue! Hill of beans! Betty Boop, what a dish. Betty Grable, nice gams. [singing] Steamboat Willie: I say can you see! I say can you see! I... I say... Fuck Hitler. Fuck Hitler!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Jackson: I wouldn't venture out there fellas. This sniper's got talent.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: Private, I'm afraid I have some bad news for ya. Well, there isn't any real easy way to say this, so, uh, so I'll just say it. Your brothers are dead. We have, uh, orders to come get you, 'cause you're going home. Pvt. James Frederick, Ryan: [starts sobbing] Oh, my God, my brothers are dead. I was gonna take 'em fishing when we got home. How - How did they die? Captain Miller: They were killed in action. Pvt. James Frederick, Ryan: No, that can't be. They're both - That... That can't be. My brothers are still in grammar school. Captain Miller: You're James Ryan? Pvt. James Frederick, Ryan: Yeah. Captain Miller: James Francis Ryan from Iowa? Pvt. James Frederick, Ryan: James Frederick Ryan, Minnesota. [the whole crew looks embarrassed] Pvt. James Frederick, Ryan: Well, does that - does that mean my brothers are OK? Captain Miller: [half-smiles] Yeah, I'm sure they're fine.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Reiben: You know what that song reminds me of? It reminds me of Mrs. Rachel Troubowitz and what she said to me the day I left for basic. Mellish: What, don't touch me? Private Reiben: No, Mrs. Rachel Troubowitz is our super's wife. She comes into my mom's shop to try on a few things, all right? And she's easily like a uh, a 44 Double E. Mellish: Double E? Private Reiben: These things are massive. Sergeant Horvath: Those are big. Big. Private Reiben: And I've got her convinced that she's like a 42D, all right. So we're in the dressing room, she's trying to squeeze into this side cut, silk ribbonned, triple panel girdle with the uh, shelf-lift brassiere and it's beautiful because she's just pouring outta this thing, you know? Mellish: Is it really tight? Private Reiben: No, no, it's beautiful. And she sees me and she can tell I got a hard on the size of the Statue of Liberty, all right? And she says to me, "Richard, calm down." And she says, "Now when you're over there, if you see anything that upsets you, if you're ever scared, I want you to close your eyes and think of these. You understand?" So I said, "Yes, ma'am."

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: Caparzo, get that kid back up there! Private Caparzo: Captain, the decent thing to do would be take her over to the next town. Captain Miller: We're not here to do the decent thing, we're here to follow fucking orders!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Ryan: [after being told he can go home, to himself] It doesn't make any sense. [normal voice] Private Ryan: It doesn't make any sense, sir. Why? Why do I deserve to go? Why not any of these guys? They all fought just as hard as me. Captain Miller: Is that what they're suppose to tell your mother when they send her another folded American flag? Private Ryan: Tell her that when you found me I was here and I was with the only brothers that I have left and that there was no way I was gonna desert them. I think she'll understand that. There's no way I'm leaving this bridge.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Sergeant Horvath: You don't know when to shut up; you don't know HOW to shut up!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Hamill: You got to take Caen so you can take Saint Lo. Captain Miller: You've got to take Saint Lo to take Valognes. Captain Hamill: Valognes you got Cherbourg. Captain Miller: Cherbourg you got Paris. Captain Hamill: Paris you got Berlin. Captain Miller: And then that big boat home.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: [after Reiben courageously saves Ryan from being hit by a tank shell] . RYAN! [run to the building Reiben pulled Ryan behind] Captain Miller: Ryan. Private Ryan: [to Reiben, who is sitting on Ryan] Get off of me! Captain Miller: Are you all right? Private Ryan: Uhh! GET OFF OF ME! Private Reiben: Yeah. I'm fine too, Captain. Thanks.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [Miller purposely draws fire] Sergeant Horvath: Captain, if your mother saw you do that, she'd be very upset. Captain Miller: I thought *you* were my mother.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Medic Wade: Actually, the trick to falling asleep is trying to stay awake. Mellish: How is that, Wade? Medic Wade: Well, when my mother was an intern, she used to work late through the night... sleep through the day. So the only time we'd ever get to talk about anything is when she'd get home. So what I... I used to do, I used to lie in my bed and try to stay awake as long as I could, but it never worked 'cause... 'cause the harder I'd try, the faster I'd fall asleep. Private Reiben: Yeah well, that wouldn't have mattered none in my house. My ma, she would've come home, shook me awake, chatted me up 'til dawn. I swear that woman was never too tired to talk. Mellish: That was probably the only time she could get a word in.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [talking about Capt. Miller] Corporal Upham: Reiben, so you even know where he went to school? Private Reiben: Cap'n didn't go to school, they assembled him at OSC outta spare body parts of dead GIs. Private Caparzo: You gotta pay attention to detail, I know exactly where he's from and I know exactly what he did 'cuz I pay attention to detail. Private Jackson: Hey, Upham, careful you don't step in the bullshit!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Mellish: [to Dagwood DuselDorf] Your father was circumcised by my rabbi, you prick!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: This Ryan better be worth it. He'd better go home and cure some disease or invent a longer-lasting lightbulb or something. 'Cause the truth is, I wouldn't trade 10 Ryans for one Vecchio or one Caparzo. Sergeant Horvath: Amen.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [Listening skeptically to German propaganda coming over a loudspeaker] Captain Miller: "The Statue of Liberty is kaput" - that's disconcerting.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: You and I are taking a squad over to Neuville on a public relations mission. Sergeant Horvath: What, you leading a squad? Captain Miller: Some private in the 101st lost three brothers and he's got a ticket home. Sergeant Horvath: How come Neuville? Captain Miller: Eh, they think he's up there somewhere, part of all those airborne misdrops. Sergeant Horvath: It's not gonna be easy finding one particular soldier in the middle of this whole goddamn war. Captain Miller: Like finding a needle in a stack of needles. Sergeant Horvath: But what about the company? Captain Miller: We take the pick of the litter and the rest get folded into Baker. Sergeant Horvath: Jesus Christ. They took away your company? Captain Miller: Wasn't my company, it was the Army's. So they told me, anyway. Give me Reiben on BAR, Jackson, Wade, Beasley, and Caparzo. Sergeant Horvath: Beasley's dead. Captain Miller: All right, Mellish then. We got anybody speaks French? Sergeant Horvath: Not that I know of. Captain Miller: What about Talbot? Sergeant Horvath: This morning. Captain Miller: Oh... all right. I'm gonna try to dig up another interpreter. Assemble at battalion motor pool on the beach. Sergeant Horvath: Yes, sir. Listen up... Private Caparzo: What are we gonna do? Sergeant Horvath: What? Private Caparzo: What are we gonna do? Sergeant Horvath: You're goin' home wrapped in an American flag with a hunk of cheese in your ass, Caparzo, you smart-ass! Now listen up... Private Reiben: I thought you liked it in the ass. Sergeant Horvath: What? Private Reiben: I thought you liked it in the ass!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Sergeant Horvath: Stars. Lieutenant Dewindt: Yeah, Brigadier General Amend, deputy commander, 101st. Some fucking genius had the great idea of welding a couple of steel plates onto our deck to keep the general safe from ground fire. Unfortunately, they forgot to tell me about it until we were just getting airborne. Well, that's like trying to fly a freight train. OK? Gross overload. Trim characteristics all shot to hell. I nearly broke both my arms trying to keep her level. And when- and when we released, you know I cut as hard as I could, tried to gain some altitude and still keep her from stalling. We came down like a fucking meteor. And that is how we ended up. And the others, they stopped easy enough OK, though, you know? We were just-we were just too damn heavy, you know? The grass was wet, downward slope and all. 22 guys dead. Captain Miller: All that for a general? Lieutenant Dewindt: One man. Private Reiben: Lot of that going around.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: Keep the sand out of your weapons. Keep those actions clear. I'll see you on the beach.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Mellish: [as a column of German prisoners passes by] Juden. [pauses] Mellish: Juden. [pauses] Mellish: Juden! Mellish: [shows star of David necklace to prisoners] I'm Juden, you know? [pauses] Mellish: Juuuuuuuuuuuuden!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Upham: What's FUBAR? Mellish: Oh, it's German. [He chuckles derisively] Mellish: Yeah. Upham: Never heard of that.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Ryan: Uh sir? Where am I to be during all this? Captain Miller: No more than two feet away from me. And that's not negotiable.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private: [screaming in agony] THEY'RE KILLING US! AND WE DON'T HAVE A FUCKIN' CHANCE AND THAT'S NOT FAIR!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Sergeant Horvath: What are your orders? Captain Miller: Sergeant, we have crossed some strange boundary here. The world has taken a turn for the surreal. Sergeant Horvath: Clearly, but the question still stands. Captain Miller: I don't know. What do you think? Sergeant Horvath: I don't think you want to know what I think. Captain Miller: No, Mike, I do. Sergeant Horvath: Well, part of me thinks the kid's right. What has he done to deserve this? He wants to stay here, fine, let's leave him and go home. Captain Miller: Yeah. Sergeant Horvath: But another part of me thinks what if, by some miracle, we stay, and actually make it out of here. Someday we might look back on this and decide that saving Private Ryan was one decent thing we were able to pull out of this whole godawful shitty mess. That's what I was thinking, sir. Like you said, Captain, we do that, then we all earn the right to go back home. Captain Miller: Oh, brother!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [lining up a rifle shot] Private Jackson: O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not my enemies triumph over me.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Captain Miller: It's like finding a needle in a stack of needles.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Private Reiben: You wouldn't shoot the kraut and now you're gonna shoot me? Sergeant Horvath: He's better than you.

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ [Srgt. Horvath just got shot for the third time] Captain Miller: Mike, Are you all right? Sergeant Horvath: I just got the wind knocked out of me. I'm fine!

§Saving Private Ryan ¤ Corporal Upham: [Wade lying down, shivering with pain and anguish, after being shot through the stomach] Tell us what to do... tell us how to fix you. Captain Miller: What can we do Wade? Tell us what to do. Medic Wade: [Wade still shivering] I could use some... I could use a little Morphine. Captain Miller: [Capt. Miller to Sergeant Horvath] Okay... Give it to him... Give it him!

§City of God ¤ Buscapé: It was like a message from God: "Honesty doesn't pay, sucker."

§City of God ¤ Buscapé: You need more than guts to be a good gangster. You need ideas.

§City of God ¤ Zé Pequeno: Can you read? Gang Member: I can read only the pictures.

§City of God ¤ Sandro Cenoura: Have you lost your mind? You are just a kid! Filé-com-Fritas - Steak and Fries: A kid? I smoke, I snort. I've killed and robbed. I'm a man.

§City of God ¤ Barbantinho Adulto - Older Stringy: Why return to the City of God, where God forgets about you?

§City of God ¤ [after seen his pictures printed in the front page of the news by mistake] Buscapé: Fuck... I'm dead! [cut to slum] Zé Pequeno: What's the name of that friend of yours who took this pictures? Thiago - Tiago: Buscapé. [Enjoying the pictures] Zé Pequeno: Buscapé! The guy is good!

§City of God ¤ Cabeleira: Hey, Bernice. Listen, I've got something real important to say. Tell me, you ever heard of love at first sight? Berenice: Sure, but hoods don't fall in love, they just get horny. Cabeleira: C'mon, you cut everything I say to pieces. Berenice: Hoods don't talk, they just vomit words. Cabeleira: Jesus, I'm gonna stop wasting my saliva on you, you sure ain't easy. Berenice: Hoods never stop, they just take a break. Cabeleira: Jeez, Bernice, talking about love with you is pretty complicated, isn't it? Berenice: Love, you gotta be kidding. You're just leading me on. Cabeleira: But it's just that this jerk here loves you.

§City of God ¤ Zé Pequeno: Where do you want to take the shot? In the hand or in the foot?

§City of God ¤ Buscapé Criança - Young Rocket: Sun is for everyone, beach for a few.

§City of God ¤ Bené: I'm a playboy now.

§City of God ¤ Zé Pequeno: The fuck I'm Dadinho! Now, my fucking name is Zé Pequeno!

§City of God ¤ Buscapé: [after Dadinho kills many people in a motel] That night, Dadinho killed his dream of kill.

§City of God ¤ Buscapé: What should have been swift revenge turned into an all out war. The City of God was divided. You couldn't go from one section the other, not even to visit a relative. The cops considered anyone living in the slum a hoodlum. People got used to living in Vietnam, and more and more volunteers signed up to die.

§City of God ¤ Boy 1: The big deal is dope, you got it? Boy 2: If you wanna be a dealer, you gotta start as a delivery boy, see? Boy 1: This delivery boy business is real bullshit. The time it takes being a delivery boy, then security and then manager, is way too long. Boy 2: What you gonna do? You've gotta wait for them to die... Boy 1: No way! I'll do it just like Pequeno did: you gotta whack everyone and that's it!

§City of God ¤ Zé Pequeno: [after snorting a line and seeing Knockout Ned's photograph in one of the center pages of a newspaper] Motherfucker!I'm the boss around here but he gets his picture in the paper! Have you found my photo in there?

§City of God ¤ [first lines] Zé Pequeno: Whoa, the chicken ran away. Get that chicken, dude!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Bartolomeo: They are looking for someone who speaks German, to translate their instructions. Guido: Me! I'll do it, I'll translate! Bartolomeo: Do you speak German? Guido: No.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: What are your political views? Tappezziere: [speaking to his two sons] Benito, Adolf! Sit down! Sorry Guido, what did you say?

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: Buon giorno, Principessa!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: If you speak my name, I vanish. What am I? Silence.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Eliseo Orefice: You're serving. You're not a servant. Serving is a supreme art. God is the first servant. God serves men but he's not a servant to men.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: [pretending to translate] The game starts now. You have to score one thousand points. If you do that, you take home a tank with a big gun. Each day we will announce the scores from that loudspeaker. The one who has the fewest points will have to wear a sign that says "Jackass" on his back. There are three ways to lose points. One, turning into a big crybaby. Two, telling us you want to see your mommy. Three, saying you're hungry and want something to eat.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: We won! Dora: Yes, we won! It's true. Giosué Orefice: We got a thousand points and we won the game! Daddy and me came in first and now we won the real tank! We won! We won!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: [narrating as an adult] This is my story. This is the sacrifice my father made. This was his gift to me.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: I didn't like the train. Guido: [to his son] Me, neither. We'll take the bus back, okay? Guido: [to the Nazis] Did you hear that? We're taking the bus back!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: [carrying his son through the camp] You are such a good boy. You sleep now. Dream sweet dreams. Maybe we are both dreaming. Maybe this is all a dream, and in the morning, Mommy will wake us up with milk and cookies. Then, after we eat, I will make love to her two or three times. If I can.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: [slowly reading signage on confectionery shopfront] "No Jews or dogs allowed". [turning to Guido] Giosué Orefice: Why aren't Jews or dogs allowed to go in? Guido: They just don't want Jews or dogs to go in. Everybody does what they want to, Joshua. [pointing at store ahead] Guido: There's a hardware store there. They don't let Spanish people or horses into his store. [pointing at another store] Guido: Further ahead, there's a drugstore. Yesterday, I was with a Chinese friend who had a kangaroo. I said, "May we?" "No, we don't want any Chinese or kangaroos here." They don't like them. What can I tell you? Giosué Orefice: We let everybody into our bookshop. Guido: No. From now on, we'll write it too. Is there anybody you don't like? Giosué Orefice: Spiders. What about you? Guido: [mock-seriously] I don't like Visigoths. Starting tomorrow we'll write: "No spiders and Visigoths allowed." I'm sick and tired of these Visigoths.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: What kind of place is this? It's beautiful: Pigeons fly, women fall from the sky! I'm moving here!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ [first lines] Narrator: This is a simple story; but, not an easy one to tell. Like a fable, there is sorrow and, like a fable, it is full of wonder and happiness.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Dora: You have been so nice to me. All I want now is a hot bath. Guido: Ah, I forgot to tell you. Dora: Go ahead. Guido: You can't imagine how much I feel like making love to you. But I'll never tell anyone, especially not you. They'd have to torture me to make me say it. Dora: Say what? Guido: That I want to make love to you - not just once, but over and over again! But I'll never tell you that. I'd have to be crazy to tell you. I'd even make love to you now... right here for the rest of my life.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Dora: My husband and son are on that train. I want to get on that train. Did you hear me? I want to get on that train.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: Daddy, I cannot find any of the other kids, and a lady came telling me to take a shower. Guido: That's a good idea. You go take a shower. Giosué Orefice: No! Guido: Go take a shower! Giosué Orefice: No!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Eliseo Orefice: Nothing is more necessary than the unnecessary.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: When can I see Mama? Guido: When the game's over.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: [watching his father's uncle being sent to another barracks, which is the last time he will see him] Where is Uncle going? Guido: Uh... oh, he's playing on a different team. Goodbye, Uncle! Giosué Orefice: Goodbye, Uncle.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: They make buttons and soap out of us. Guido: Eh... [momentarily lost for words] Guido: What are you saying? Giosué Orefice: They burn us all in the oven. Guido: Who told you that? Giosué Orefice: A man was crying. He said they make us into buttons and soap. Guido: [laughs and gesticulates animatedly] You fell for that? Again? I thought you were a sharp boy... cunning, intelligent. Buttons and soap out of people? That'll be the day! You believed that? Hahaha! Just imagine. Tomorrow morning, I wash my hands with Bartolomeo... a good scrub. Then I'll button up with Francesco. [pretends to button up concentration camp uniform, from which a button comes loose and falls to floor] Guido: Darn it all! [picks up button] Guido: Look, I just lost Giorgio! Does this look like a person? Hahaha, come on! They were teasing you! And you fell for it! What else did they tell you? Giosué Orefice: That we get cooked in the oven. [continues solemnly as Guido starts laughing hysterically] Giosué Orefice: They burn us up in the oven. Guido: [laughing and clapping hands] You fell for that too! You just eat everything up! I've heard of a wood oven, but I've never seen a man oven before. Ah ha... "I'm made of wood!" "Take this lawyer... poomp!" [pseudo-seriously] Guido: "This lawyer doesn't burn. He's not dry enough. [continues animatedly] Guido: Look at that smoke!" Oh Joshua... buttons, soap, we get burned in the oven... Let's be serious now. [simulates hopping] Guido: I have a sack race with the bad guys tomorrow... Giosué Orefice: [interrupting] That's enough. I want to go home.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: Look, they stopped the train to let Mom get on. Guido: Dora...

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: [being shipped to a concentration camp] You've never ridden on a train, have you? They're fantastic! Everybody stands up, close together, and there are no seats! Giosué Orefice: There aren't any seats? Guido: Seats? On a train? It's obvious you've never ridden one before! No, everybody's packed in, standing up. Look at this line to get on! Hey, we've got tickets, save room for us!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ [after arriving in the deserted concentration camp in a tank, trying to speak to an Italian boy in English] U.S. Tank Soldier: You have no idea what I'm saying, do you?

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: The prize is... the prize is... Eliseo Orefice: A tank. Guido: Yes! Yes, the prize is a tank. Giosué Orefice: I already have one. Guido: No, a real one. Giosué Orefice: A real tank?

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: Dr. Lessing! Dr. Lessing: Hello! [notices the flowers] Dr. Lessing: What are the flowers for? Guido: [thinks fast] Ah... for your departure! [hands him the flowers] Dr. Lessing: Thank you!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: You can lose all your points for any one of three things. One: If you cry. Two: If you ask to see your mother. Three: If you're hungry and ask for a snack! Forget it!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Dora: At least they don't make the children and old people work. Female Prisoner: They don't make them work because they kill them! One day, you will hear a lady calling, "Kids, come take a shower," then they gas them!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Giosué Orefice: Daddy, you scared me to death!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Dr. Lessing: I have something important to tell you. Wait for my signal.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Dr. Lessing: [softly reciting riddle at Nazi concentration camp officers' mess] Fat, fat, ugly, ugly, all yellow in reality. If you ask me what I am, I reply "Quark quark quark". [looks around surreptitiously] Dr. Lessing: Walking along, I go "Por-por". Who am I? Tell me true. Guido: [looks at Doctor Lessing in stunned silence] Dr. Lessing: [smiles] Hmphh... a duckling, no? Guido: [nods silently, still flabbergasted] Dr. Lessing: Is it not a duckling? [angrily] Dr. Lessing: It's not! A veterinarian friend of mine sent it to me from Vienna. I can't send him mine, until I solve this one. I thought: Duck-billed platypus. But it doesn't go "Quark quark quark quark". A duck-billed platypus goes... [pulls at corners of mouth with fingers, making a blowing sound] Dr. Lessing: "Ffrrr ffrrr-ffrrr ffrrr-ffrrr". Duck-billed platypus... [steps forward and whispers into Guido's ear] Dr. Lessing: I translated it into Italian for you last night. Well, what do you say? Everything points to a duckling! [assumes tragic tone and expression] Dr. Lessing: Help me, Guido. For heaven's sake, help me. I can't even sleep. [turns to side counter, talking to self] Dr. Lessing: Fat, fat... ugly, ugly... that's me... quark quark quark... It's the duckling! [wails and thumps side counter in frustration] Guido: [slowly and silently walks away, crestfallen at Doctor Lessing's callous, comic-tragic behavior]

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: Good morning, Princess! Last night, I dreamt about you all night! We were going to the movies. You were wearing that pink suit that I really like. You're all I think about, Princess. I always think about you. And now... Giosué Orefice: Mommy! Pop wheels me in the wheelbarrow, but he doesn't know how to drive! We laugh like crazy! We're in the lead! How many points do we have today?

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: We're in first place, but, if you want to go, it's alright. Giosué Orefice: We're in first place? Guido: Yeah, first place. I told you. Anyway, we're quitting. Come on. I saw the scores yesterday, but, it doesn't matter any more. Oh, ciao, Bartolomeo. Giosué and I are leaving. We're fed up. We'll see you. Oh, by the way, that big tank is ready. But, remember, before you move it or even start the engine, be sure to clean the spark plugs and open up the throttle. Because, if you don't, the tanks won't work properly and polish the cannon. That really came out beautiful. Oh, and before you take off, you better test the brakes. Alright. Me and Giosué are leaving. He wants to quit the game, so, we're going to go. Too bad. We could've gone home in a big tank; but, we'll take the bus. Ciao, everybody. Me and Giosué are leaving now. We're tired of this place so we're heading back home. So long! Come on, Giosué, we better hurry or we'll miss the bus.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: Look at this. Look over there. Look at that building. Didn't I tell you. We're in the city. We can do whatever we want. We are completely free. If you want to do something, you just do it! If you want to yell, you just go ahead and yell. No one's going to stop you. Ferruccio: Ahhhhh! Guido: Stop. What are you doing? Have you gone crazy? We're in the middle of a city. You can't behave like you do in the country. Come on. Ferruccio: What did I do? Guido: What do you mean, what did I do? They're gonna lock you up.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: What are you doing? Were you sleeping? Ferruccio: Of course I was. Guido: Hey, you asked me a question a minute ago, you turn your head, and went right to sleep. How'd you do that? Ferruccio: Schopenhauer. Guido: Schopenhauer? Ferruccio: Schopenhauer says that with will power you can do anything. I am what I want to be. And now I want to be someone who's sleeping.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: I'm new here and I understand there's a whole procedure I have to go through to open a bookstore. How long does it take? Segretaria Comune: Years.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: [pretending to be an Inspector from Rome] This is an Italian belly button, kids, and it's part of our heritage!

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Dora: When did you learn to drive? Guido: About ten minutes ago Dora: You need another lesson.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: Are you free? Dora: I have theater tickets. Guido: For what show? Dora: Offenbach. Guido: Ah, Offenbach is playing. Fine, very good, beautiful.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: Princess, your cute little behind is showing.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Direttrice Didattica: The good Inspector has been sent here to explain to you about the Proclamation of Race, which has been signed by the most enlightened Italian scientists. He will, and I am very happy for him to do it, demonstrate that our race is really superior. The best of the moment. Sit down. Go ahead, Inspector. Guido: [pretending to be Inspector from Rome] I'll explain our race. Direttrice Didattica: It's superior. Guido: Naturally. Thanks. So, race is superior. In fact, I just come from Rome and right this minute to come and tell you so there won't be any confusion, my friends, that our race is imminently superior. I was chosen to deliver this message by racist Italian scientists in order to illustrate to you how superior a race we really are in this world. You may be asking yourself, why did they pick me? I think the answer is obvious. Wouldn't you say? Who could you find that could be a more handsome specimen. I am the ultimate example of racial purity. You're impressed? Well, of course you should be. In front of you stands a man who's clearly descendent from pure Aryan blood, my friends. Take me! Let's talk with the folks who say, what's all the fuss about? The ear! Why the ear? Well, take a look. Like fine China, it's perfectly formed. Above the earlobe you find the auricle. With a little precious pendent bell which you can wiggle with your finger. Or, you can wiggle the entire ear. It's movable cartilage. Find two ears prettier than these and I'll leave immediately. Of course, you have to show them to me. In France, they dream about ears like this.

§Life Is Beautiful ¤ Guido: [casting a spell] Schopenhauer... Will Power...

§The Green Mile ¤ [last lines] Old Paul Edgecomb: We each owe a death - there are no exceptions - but, oh God, sometimes the Green Mile seems so long.

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: On the day of my judgment, when I stand before God, and He asks me why did I kill one of his true miracles, what am I gonna say? That it was my job? My job? John Coffey: You tell God the Father it was a kindness you done. I know you hurtin' and worryin', I can feel it on you, but you oughta quit on it now. Because I want it over and done. I do. I'm tired, boss. Tired of bein' on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain. Tired of not ever having me a buddy to be with, or tell me where we's coming from or going to, or why. Mostly I'm tired of people being ugly to each other. I'm tired of all the pain I feel and hear in the world everyday. There's too much of it. It's like pieces of glass in my head all the time. Can you understand? Paul Edgecomb: Yes, John. I think I can.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: He kill them wi' their love. Wi' their love fo' each other. That's how it is, every day, all over the world.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: Please boss, don't put that thing over my face, don't put me in the dark. I's afraid of the dark.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: You can't hide what's in your heart

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: I just can't see God putting a gift like that in the hands of a man who would kill a child.

§The Green Mile ¤ Melinda Moores: What's your name? John Coffey: John Coffey, ma'am. Melinda Moores: Like the drink, only not spelled the same. John Coffey: No, ma'am. Not spelt the same at all.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: People hurt the ones they love. That's how it is all around the world.

§The Green Mile ¤ Old Paul Edgecomb: I think Mr. Jingles happened by accident. I think when we electrocuted Del, and it all went so badly... well, John can feel that you know... and I think a part of... whatever magic was inside of him just lept through my tiny friend here. As for me, John had to give me a part of himself; a gift the way he saw it, so that I could see for myself what Wild Billy had done. When John did that; when he took my hand, a part of the power that worked through him spilled into me. Elaine Connelly: He... what? He infected you with life? Old Paul Edgecomb: That's as good a word as any. He infected us both, didn't he, Mr. Jingles? With life. I'm a hundred and eight years old, Elaine. I was forty-four the year that John Coffey walked the Green Mile. You mustn't blame John. He couldn't help what happened to him... he was just a force of nature. Oh I've lived to see some amazing things Elly. Another century come to past, but I've... I've had to see my friends and loved ones die off through the years... Hal and Melinda... Brutus Howell... my wife... my boy. And you Elaine... you'll die too, and my curse is knowing that I'll be there to see it. It's my attonement you see; it's my punishment, for letting John Coffey ride the lightning; for killing a miracle of God. You'll be gone like all the others. I'll have to stay. Oh, I'll die eventually, that I'm sure. I have no illusions of immortality, but I will wished for death... long before death finds me. In truth, I wish for it already.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: There's lotsa people here that hate me, lots. I can feel it. It's like bees stingin' me. Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Well feel how we feel then. We don't hate you. Can you feel that?

§The Green Mile ¤ Arlen Bitterbuck: Do you believe that if a man repents enough for what he done wrong, than he'll get to go back to the time that was happiest for him and live there forever? Could that be what heaven's like? Paul Edgecomb: I just about believe that very thing. Arlen Bitterbuck: I had a young wife when I was eighteen. We spent the summer in the mountains, made love every night. After we would talk sometimes till the sun came up, and she'd lay there, bare breasted in the fire light... that was my best time.

§The Green Mile ¤ Melinda Moores: I dreamed of you. I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I. We found each other. We found each other in the dark.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: You know, I fell asleep this afternoon and had me a dream. I dreamed about Del's mouse. Paul Edgecomb: Did you, John? John Coffey: I dreamed he got down to that place Boss Howell talked about, that Mouseville place. I dreamed there was kids, and how they laughed at his tricks! My! I dreamed those two little blonde-headed girls were there. They 'us laughing, too. I put my arms around 'em and sat 'em on my knees, and there 'us no blood comin' outta their hair and they 'us fine. We all watch Mr. Jingles roll that spool, and how we did laugh. Fit to bust, we was.

§The Green Mile ¤ Percy Wetmore: [after finding Mr. Jingles alive after he steps on him] You switched 'em. You switched 'em somehow, you bastards. Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Yeah I always keep a spare mouse in my wallet for occasions such as this.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: Poor old Del. Paul Edgecomb: Yeah. Poor old Del. John, you okay...? John Coffey: I could feel it from here. Paul Edgecomb: What do you mean? You could hear it. Is that what you mean? You could hear it. John Coffey: He out of it now, though. He the lucky one. No matter how it happened, Del the lucky one. Paul Edgecomb: Where's Mr. Jingles? John Coffey: He run away under that door. Don't think he'll be back. He felt it too, through me. Didn't mean to hurt him none. All that hurt just spill out. Awful tired now, boss. Dog-tired. Paul Edgecomb: Me too, John. Me too.

§The Green Mile ¤ Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Well, there must be something we can do for you, John. There must be something we that you want. John Coffey: [pauses] I ain't never seen me a flicker show.

§The Green Mile ¤ Percy Wetmore: [while tapping Arlen's burned face after being electrocuted] Adios, Chief! Drop us a card from Hell, let us know if it's hot enough... Brutus "Brutal" Howell: [Brutus grabs Percy's arm and pushes him away from Arlen's body] He's paid what he's owed; he's square with the house again, so keep your goddamn hands off him!

§The Green Mile ¤ Brutus "Brutal" Howell: [a rehearsal execution] Arlen Bitterbuck, you have been condemned to die by a jury of your peers, sentence imposed by a judge in good standing in this state. Do you have anything to say before the sentence is carried out? Toot-Toot: [gleefully] Yeah! I want a fried chicken dinner with gravy on the taters, I want to shit in your hat, and I got to have Mae West sit on my face, because I am one horny motherfucker!

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: Boss. Saw me a mouse go by. Paul Edgecomb: Can't put anything over on you.

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: John, do you know where we're taking you? John Coffey: Help a lady? Brutus "Brutal" Howell: That's right. But how do you know? John Coffey: Don't know. To tell the truth, Boss, I don't know much'o anything.

§The Green Mile ¤ Toot-Toot: Gettin' to my knees. Prayin'. Lord in Heaven, sorry for all the bad shit I've done, all the people I've trampled on, I hope they forgive me, I won't do it again, that's for sure.

§The Green Mile ¤ [repeated line] John Coffey: I tried to take it back... but it was too late.

§The Green Mile ¤ Burt Hammersmith: Let me tell you something. And you listen close too, because it might be something you need to know. Paul Edgecomb: I'm listening. Burt Hammersmith: We had us a dog. Just a sweet mongrel, You know the kind. Well, in many ways, a good mongrel dog is like a negro. You get to know it. Often, you get to love it. It is of no particular use, but you keep it around because you *think* it loves you. If you're lucky, Mr. Edgecomb, you'll never have to find out any different. My wife and I were not so lucky. Caleb, come here for a second. Come here. Please, son. [he turns his son's face to Paul to reveal Caleb is missing an eye] Burt Hammersmith: He still has the one good eye. I suppose he's lucky not to be completely blind. We get down on our knees and thank God for that much at least, right Caleb? Okay, go on in now. [turns back to Paul] Burt Hammersmith: That dog attacked my boy for no reason. Just got it in his mind one day. Same with John Coffey. He was sorry afterwards. Of that, I have no doubt. But those little girls stayed raped and murdered. Maybe he'd never done it before. My dog never bit before, but I didn't concern myself with that. I went out there with my rifle, grabbed his collar and blew his brains out. Is Coffey guilty? Yes he is. Don't you doubt it, and don't you turn your back on him. You may get away with it once or even a hundred times. But in the end, you'll get bit.

§The Green Mile ¤ Dean Stanton: What did you do? John Coffey: I helped Del's mouse become a circus mouse. Gonna live in a mouse city. Down in... Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Florida? John Coffey: [John nods] Boss Percy bad. He mean. He stepped on Del's mouse. I took it back though.

§The Green Mile ¤ Melinda Moores: I dreamed of you. I dreamed you were wandering in the dark. And so was I. And we found each other. We found each other in the dark. [reaches out her necklace to him] Paul Edgecomb: Take it, John. It's a present. Melinda Moores: It's St. Christopher. I want you to have it, Mr. Coffey. And wear it. He'll keep you safe. Please... Wear it for me. John Coffey: [leans forward so she can hang it around his neck] Thank you, ma'am. Melinda Moores: Thank you, John.

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: What did you just do to me? John Coffey: I helped it. Didn't I help it? I just took it back, is all. Awful tired now, boss. Dog tired.

§The Green Mile ¤ Bill Dodge: I think this boy's cheese has done slid off his cracker.

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: A big man is ripping your ears off Percy. I'd do as he says.

§The Green Mile ¤ Hal: Percy. Something to say? Percy Wetmore: I didn't know the sponge was supposed to be wet. Hal: How many years you spend pissing on a toilet seat before someone told you to put it up? Paul Edgecomb: Percy fucked up, Hal, pure and simple. Hal: Is that your official position? Paul Edgecomb: Don't you think it should be?

§The Green Mile ¤ Melinda Moores: Why do you have so many scars? John Coffey: Don't really remember, ma'am.

§The Green Mile ¤ Hal: [after Del's execution] WHAT IN THE BLUE FUCK WAS THAT? There's puke all over the floor up there. And that smell! I had Van Hayes open both doors but that smell's not going out for five damn years that's what I'm bettin'. And that asshole, Wharton, is singing about it. You can hear him up there! Paul Edgecomb: Can he carry a tune? Hal: Okay, boys, what in the hell happened? Paul Edgecomb: An execution. A successful one. Hal: How in the name of Christ can you call that a success? Paul Edgecomb: Eduard Delacroix is dead. [to Percy] Paul Edgecomb: Isn't he?

§The Green Mile ¤ Harry Terwilliger: Paul, we're not gonna have some Cherokee medicine man in here whoopin', hollerin' and shaking his dick are we? Paul Edgecomb: Well actually... Toot-Toot: Still prayin'! Still prayin'! Gettin' right with Jesus! Harry Terwilliger: Do it quietly you old gink! Paul Edgecomb: As I was saying, I don't think they actually shake their dicks Harry. Be that as it may Mr. Bitterbuck is a Christian, so I have the Reverend Schuster coming out. Dean Stanton: Oh he's good. He's fast too. Doesn't get 'em all worked up.

§The Green Mile ¤ Hal: It's a tumor, Paul. A brain tumor. [pause] Hal: They got X-ray pictures of it. The size of a lemon, they said... way deep down inside where they can't operate. [pause] Hal: I haven't told her. I can't think of how. [he starts crying] Hal: For the life of me, Paul, I can't think of how to tell my wife... she's going to die!

§The Green Mile ¤ Old Paul Edgecomb: I guess sometimes the past just catches up with you, whether you want it to or not.

§The Green Mile ¤ William 'Wild Bill' Wharton: [Eduard has just been executed, and Paul comes up to the Mile to find Wild Bill sitting on his bed, ripping out chunks of his pillow and throwing the feathers around, singing loudly] Barbecue, me and you! Stinky pinky, pew, pew! Or dilly, Jilly, Hilly or Bob! It was a french-fried Cajun named Delacroix! Paul Edgecomb: [Paul roughly hits his baton against Wild Bill's bars] You are about ten seconds away from spending the rest of your life in the padded room! [Wild Bill, who never takes an order or refuses to give out mayhem, stops immediately]

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: I've done some things in my life I'm not proud of, but this is the first time I've ever felt in real danger of hell.

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: [whispers] Goddamn, the sponge is dry! Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Well, don't you stop it! Don't you do it. It's too late for that.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: [singing as he's being strapped to the electric chair] Heaven, I'm in heaven... heaven... heaven...

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: [Paul grabs Percy to face Del as he's being electrocuted] You watch, you son of a bitch!

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: [whispers] Boss? Needs ta see ya down here... Paul Edgecomb: [rolling around the floor in pain from his urinary tract infection] This is not a good time... John Coffey. [moans] Paul Edgecomb: Not a good time at all. John Coffey: But I needs ta see ya, Boss. I needs ta talk t'ya. [Paul reluctantly gets up and stammers towards John] John Coffey: Closer... Paul Edgecomb: I'm alone here right now, John. Figure this is close enough. John Coffey: Boss, please. I got to whisper in your ear. Eduard Delacroix: [as Paul moves up closer] Boss? You know you not s'pose to do that... Paul Edgecomb: Mind your business, Del! [Paul moves up closer in front of John's cell] Paul Edgecomb: [exhaustively] What do you want, John Coffey? John Coffey: [Coffey stares at Paul] Just to help. [John suddenly reaches out of the prison bars, grabs Paul and aggressively holds him up close. Thinking he is being attacked, Del starts screaming for the other guards as Paul instinctively tries to reach for his revolver] Paul Edgecomb: [struggling in Coffey's grasp] What... are... you... doing?

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: I'm smellin' me some cornbread. Paul Edgecomb: It's from my mises. She wanted to thank you. John Coffey: Thank me for what? Paul Edgecomb: Well, you know... [whispering] Paul Edgecomb: For a helping me. John Coffey: Helping you with what? Paul Edgecomb: You know. [Paul points to his groin] John Coffey: [John smiles] Ohh. Was your misses pleased? Paul Edgecomb: [Paul nods] Several times.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: Do you leave a light on after bedtime? Because I get a little scared in the dark sometimes. If it's a strange place.

§The Green Mile ¤ Jan Edgecomb: [to Paul] Honey, if you don't tell me what's on your mind, I'm afraid I'll have to smother you with a pillow.

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: What do you want me to do John? You want me to let you run out of here, see how far you can get? John Coffey: Why would you do such a foolish thing? Paul Edgecomb: On the day of my judgment, when I stand before God, and He asks me why did I kill one of his true miracles, what am I gonna say? That it was my job? My job?

§The Green Mile ¤ Harry Terwilliger: Piss on ME? [he sprays Wild Bill with a fire hose]

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: [to Dean Stanton who is standing in the doorway with a broom] You let him get past you. Dean Stanton: No, I did not. Brutus "Brutal" Howell: Three grown men... outsmarted by a mouse.

§The Green Mile ¤ Dean Stanton: Well? What about Mrs. Moores? Was it like the mouse? Was it a... you know, a miracle? Paul Edgecomb: Yes. Yes, it was. Damn...

§The Green Mile ¤ Paul Edgecomb: [about toot-toot] Is his head properly shaved? Dean Stanton: Nope, it's all dandruffy and smells. Paul Edgecomb: I'll take that as a yes.

§The Green Mile ¤ Eduard Delacroix: [after Coffey shares his cornbread with Del] I thank you. Mr. Jingles thank you, my mom would thank you too but she's dead.

§The Green Mile ¤ John Coffey: He killed them with their love. That's how it is; everyday all over the world.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: I love chai tea. Spider-Man India: What did you just say? Chai tea? Chai means "tea", bro! You are saying "tea tea"! Would I ask you for a "coffee coffee" with room for "cream cream"?

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Everyone keeps telling me how my story is supposed to go. Nah. I'm-a do my own thing.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: Miles, being Spider-man is a sacrifice. You have a choice between saving one person and saving every world.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Can this day get any damn weirder? [Spider-Rex appears] Miles Morales: I guess it can.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: All stations! Stop what you're doing and stop Spider-Man! Spider-Men: [all pointing at each other] You? No, wait. Me. You... Miguel O'Hara: ¡Ay, coño! Miles! Miles Morales! He's entering Sector Four! Spider-Man #1: Is that him? Spider-Man 2211: [as everyone stares at him] Do I have web on my face? What's the deal? Miguel O'Hara: Miles! Wait. Here's right there! Turn around! Spider-Man 2211: [as he turns around, Miles is on his back] I don't see anything, boss.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ [first lines] Gwen Stacy: Let's do things differently this time. So differently. His name is Miles Morales. He was bitten by a radioactive spider, and he's not the only one. He hasn't always had it easy, and he's not the only one. And now he's on his own, and he's not the only one. You think you know the rest. You don't. I thought knew the rest, but I didn't. I didn't wanna hurt him, but I did. And... he's not the only one.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Hobie Brown: Taking a crap in the establishment, I salute you.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Hobie Brown: I don't believe in teams. Miles Morales: Aren't you in a band? Hobie Brown: I don't believe in consistency. Miles Morales: Oh this guy's killing me.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Gwen Stacy: You're a good cop, Dad. You know you put on that badge because you know if you don't, someone who shouldn't will. But you have to understand, this mask... is my badge, and I'm trying to be good too. I was trying so hard to wear this thing the way you would want, and I didn't... I didn't. I can do all these things but I can't help the people I loved the most, and they can only know half of who I am, so I'm-I'm completely on my own. And now I don't-I don't even know what the right thing is anymore, I don't know what I'm supposed to do, but I know... I can't lose one more friend. George Stacy: Gwen, I always taught you to do it by the book. Gwen Stacy: Yeah, and how did that work out? George Stacy: I took an oath... Gwen Stacy: Then arrest me, Dad... Get it over with. George Stacy: I... I can't. Gwen Stacy: Why not? George Stacy: ...Because I quit. Gwen Stacy: When? George Stacy: About halfway through your big speech. Gwen Stacy: You're... Wait a minute you're not-you're not gonna be Captain? Then that means... George Stacy: My job... being Captain. This whole thing doesn't matter anymore. You're the best thing I've ever done.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: And don't get me started on Doctor Strange and that little nerd back on Earth-199999! Gwen Stacy: Who's "Doctor Strange"? A guy with a name like that probably shouldn't be a medical doctor.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Gwen Stacy: Miles! Miles! Miles! You got a minute? Miles Morales: [screams] Whoa. Gwen, how did you... how did you... how did you get... how've you been? Gwen Stacy: It's a long story. Is this the room you grew up in? Miles Morales: It... It is... [hiding his action figures] Miles Morales: But, uh, my, uh, dorm room is very adult. Gwen Stacy: Right. No, of course. [web slings Miles' sketchbook] Miles Morales: Hey! Gwen Stacy: Are these your drawings? Miles Morales: What? No! No! Gwen Stacy: They look good. [stops on a drawing of herself, Miles hangs his head, embarrassed and sighs] Gwen Stacy: I missed you, too. Miles Morales: Okay. So what are you doing here? I... I mean I thought I'd never see you again. Gwen Stacy: Wanna get outta here? Miles Morales: I'm... grounded. Gwen Stacy: Bummer. [somersaults out the window] Gwen Stacy: Is Spider-Man grounded? Miles Morales: Um... I mean I...

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ [final lines] Gwen Stacy: I never found the right band to join, so I started my own, with a few old friends. You want in?

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Metro Spider-Man: My bad everybody, there was somewhere to run.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Charlotte Weber: Sun-Spider: [a disabled Spider-Person] Do you think we often use comedy as a crutch? Get it? Crutch?

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Hobie Brown: Alright my name's Hobie, Hobie Brown. I was bitten by a- wouldn't you like to know, get what I mean? And for the last three years I've been the one and only- wait, wait, waitwaitwait wait wait. You think I'm gonna show my secret identity? Come out of it. That is when I'm not playing shows, antagonising facists, staging unpermitted political action/performing art pieces. OR, having a laugh at the pub with the mandem. I'm not a role model, I was briefly a runway model. I hate the AM, I hate the PM, I hate labels, I'm not a hero, because calling yourself a hero makes you a self-mythologizing narcissistic autocrat. Miles Morales: Wait, I thought you hated labels.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: You're the original anomaly! [Miles glitches as Gwen and Peter climb up the train] Gwen Stacy: Miguel! Miguel O'Hara: The spider that gave you your powers, wasn't from your dimension. It was never supposed to bite you! Gwen Stacy: Miguel don't! Miguel O'Hara: There's a world out there with no Spider-Man to protect them, because it bit you instead. You're not supposed to be Spider-Man! Miles Morales: No, you're lying! I'm Spider-Man! [Miguel cuts through two webs Miles shoots and grabs him by the chest] Miguel O'Hara: You're a mistake! [He slams Miles onto the roof of the train, pinning him down] Miguel O'Hara: If you hadn't been bit, your Peter Parker would've lived! Instead he died, saving you. He would've stopped the collider before it ever went off, Spot wouldn't exist, and none of this would've happened. And all this time, I have been the only one holding it all together. Peter B. Parker: Miguel, go easy on him! Miguel O'Hara: You don't belong here. You never did.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Gwen Stacy: In every other universe, Gwen Stacy falls for Spider-Man. [Miles looks at her and moves his hand closer to hers. Gwen notices this] Gwen Stacy: And in every other universe, it doesn't end well. [Miles re-traces his hand]

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Museum Goer: [looking at a crashed helicopter inside the Guggenheim] Yeah, I think it's a Banksy.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spot: I'm on a journey of self-improvement! Spider-Man India: And you came to India. That's a Western culture cliché. Don't "Eat, Pray, Love" me, bro! Spot: No, no, no, no! I did not mean it like that. Spider-Man India: Now, lemme guess: you're gonna ask about saffron and cardamom, and naan bread, which is the same as saying bread bread, which is the same as saying chai tea! Spot: Oh, I love chai tea. Spider-Man India: NO!

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spot: I created you. You created me. Jeff Morales: Spider-Man, why'd you create that guy? Miles Morales: I didn't! He's talking crazy.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: [about a building being consumed by one of the Spot's holes] What is that? Hobie Brown: A metaphor for capitalism.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: Come on, go easy on the kid. He had a terrible teacher.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spot: You hit me with a bagel!

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: Miles, being Spider-Man is a sacrifice. That's the job. That's what you signed up for. Miles Morales: So we're just supposed to let people die? Miguel O'Hara: You have a choice between saving one person, and saving an entire world, every world. Miles Morales: I can do both! Spider-Man always... Peter B. Parker: Not always. Miles Morales: What about Uncle Ben? If you knew about that, would you not save him too? Peter B. Parker: If not for Uncle Ben, most of us wouldn't be here, Miles...

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man India: And to top it off, I live in the best possible Spider-Man city, Mumbattan. Quick tour. This is where the traffic is, this is where the traffic is, this is also where the traffic is, there's traffic here too. And this is where the British stole all of our stuff!

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: My name is Miguel O'Hara. I'm this dimension's one and only Spider-Man. At least I was. But I'm not like the others. I don't always like what I have to do. But I know I have to be the one to do it.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Who are you? Miles G. Morales: [removes his mask] I'm Miles Morales. But you, you can call me The Prowler.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: I can hear you being quiet, Mom. Rio Morales: I am... [grunts] Rio Morales: Hope I didn't ice your game, man. Miles Morales: Mom, no one my age says those words in that order. Rio Morales: Sorry, it's just hard to see my little man not be my little boy all the time. Miles Morales: Yeah. Rio Morales: For years, I've been taking care of this little boy. Making sure he is loved Rio Morales: That he feels like he belongs wherever he wants to be. He wants to go on to the world and do great big things. Rio Morales: Not a bad kid. And what i worry about most. Rio Morales: I love you Miles. It's just they won't look out for you like us. Rio Morales: Miles. Miles Morales: [Gwen] Miles. Wanna get out of here. Rio Morales: Wherever you go from here, you have to promise to take care of that little boy for me. Rio Morales: Make sure he never forgets where he came from. And he never doubts that he's loved. Rio Morales: And never lets anyone tell him that he doesn't belong there. Rio Morales: You've gotta promise, Miles. Miles Morales: I promise. Rio Morales: Now go.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Aaron Davis: Hey. It's rude to stare.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter Parker: I just wanted to be special like you, Gwen.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spectacular Spider-Man: We know it's hard, but it's the truth, Miles.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: How many missions have you been on together? Gwen Stacy: Oh not that many. Hobie Brown: A couple dozen.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: You were right, Gwen. You should've never come to see me.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Gwen Stacy: Let's do things differently this time.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: [to a kid licking the window on a subway train] Don't - don't do that.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Everyone keeps telling me how MY story is supposed to go! Naw. I'm gonna do my own thing

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Jeff Morales: [after the Spot falls through one of his own portals] What just happened? Miles Morales: He... kicked his own butt!

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: You don't belong here. You never did. Miles Morales: [strained] Let... me... go! Gwen Stacy: Miguel, that's enough! Peter B. Parker: This isn't what we talked about! [Miles then realizes that Miguel conferred with Peter B. and Gwen about him being an "anomaly"] Miles Morales: You talked about this? You knew? You- you all knew? Gwen Stacy: I- I didn't know... how to tell you. Miles Morales: [disappointed] That's why you never came to see me. [Peter B. and Gwen seem to feel bad for Miles] Gwen Stacy: Miles, it's for your own good! Miles Morales: Who decides that? [gets held down by Miguel] Miles Morales: I'm not a kid, Gwen! [Miguel, once again, shoves Miles onto the roof of the train] Miguel O'Hara: That's exactly what you are. You're just a kid who has no idea what he's doing! [Miles notices he can Venom Strike Miguel, who shoves him onto the train again] Miles Morales: Yeah, well... I *did* lure hundreds of Spider-People away from your little clubhouse. [Miguel gasps as the scene descends to a lower part of the train, where the Spider-People are following Miles] Spider-Men: [clamouring] Peter B. Parker: I guess he *did* plan this out. Miles Morales: And... I'm about to do this. [Miles absorbs the energy of Miguel's suit to charge his Venom Strike, confusing and somewhat scaring him] Miles Morales: Everyone keeps telling me how *my* story is supposed to go. Nah... I'm-a do my own thing. [Miles's Venom Strike is now fully charged] Miles Morales: Sorry, man. I'm going home. [Miles releases his Venom Strike on Miguel, making him scream] Miles Morales: [tearfully] Goodbye, Gwen. [Miles lets go of the train, sending him into freefall] Gwen Stacy: Miles! [Miles turns invisible as he heads for the Go Home Machine] Peter B. Parker: I taught him how to do that, so... I gotta be a pretty good mentor to pull that off.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: Jess, Ben, come with me. Ben Reilly: Hell, yeah! Miguel O'Hara: And somebody catch Spot. Peter B. Parker: Yeah, sorry. I, uhh... I gotta get her down for a nap. Miguel O'Hara: Not you. I've had the right amount of you. [Miguel's portal closes, which Mayday blows a raspberry at and giggles]

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man India: Hey, who's the new guy? Gwen Stacy: Hey, Pav. He's Miles, and he wasn't invited. Spider-Man India: Ho-ho, you weren't invited but you came anyway? Gwen Stacy: I know, right? Spider-Man India: Hey, new guy must be in love with you! Gwen Stacy: Okay, whoa, Pav. Miles Morales: I'm not. Spider-Man India: Oh, I'm very good at reading people. Gwen Stacy: [to Miles] No, he's not. Miles Morales: Who are you? Spider-Man India: I'm glad you asked, new guy! Miles Morales: I'm not a new guy.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man India: My name is Pavitr Prabhakar, and for the past six months... Miles Morales: Six? And even *he* gets a watch? Gwen Stacy: Yeah, uh... Spider-Man India: Being Spider-Man is so easy! I wake up, skip the workout 'cause I'm naturally buff and I don't wanna get too big, y'know? Do almost nothing with my amazing hair... Miles Morales: You don't use any product at all? Spider-Man India: Just coconut oil, prayer, some genetics. Then I swing by school, don't really have to try, but I do anyway. Fight a few bad guys, feed a few stray dogs, quick break for a cup of chai with my Maya Auntie... Miles Morales: I love chai tea. Spider-Man India: [shocked] What did you just say? "Chai tea"? Chai means tea, bro! Miles Morales: Oh. Oh, um... Spider-Man India: You're saying tea tea! Would I ask you for a coffee coffee with room for cream cream? Miles Morales: I'm sorr- sorry. I'm sorry! I'm so sorry. Spider-Man India: Then I hang out with my girlfriend, Gayatri. She's an extremely classy teenager. [talking with Gayatri] Spider-Man India: Hey, girl. Tonight, I was thinking... [Pavitr's Spider-Sense notices Inspector Singh approaching the couple] Spider-Man India: Aah, hello! Police Inspector Singh, this is your daughter, I do not know her.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miguel O'Hara: You don't get it! You're an anomaly! Miles Morales: Not if you let me go home! [Miguel is sent flying to another car, where the driver is pointing to where Miles is] Miles Morales: SNITCH! [Miguel notices where Miles is going, and chases after him] Miguel O'Hara: *Everywhere* you go, you're an anomaly! [Miles and Miguel fight back to the roof of the train] Miguel O'Hara: You're the *original* anomaly! [Miles glitches again, this time on top of the train]

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Gwen Stacy: It's not your fault. It's mine. Jeff Morales: Oh come on, what the heck are you doing here? Gwen Stacy: Oh, uh, his window was open so I came in because that's... normal to do. Jeff Morales: I wanna talk to your parents. Gwen Stacy: Right, my um, my dad's kinda hard to get on the phone. Jeff Morales: Oh really? What does he do, deal drugs? Gwen Stacy: He's a cop. Jeff Morales: Statement withdrawn... Yep, well I'm gonna call the station... Gwen Stacy: I don't think he's there, o-or anywhere around here... Jeff Morales: Well that's his jacket, emo! Where's Miles? Gwen Stacy: I don't know. Jeff Morales: Oh uh- [stutters] Rio Morales: You don't know? What do you mean you don't know? Gwen Stacy: Um... I'll leave. Rio Morales: Where do you think you're going, young lady? Gwen Stacy: I'm going to find him. I don't know where exactly, but I know where to start. One thing I learned from Miles... It's all possible. He loves you more than you could ever imagine. I've seen it. Rio Morales: If you do find him, tell him five months, and tell him we love him. Gwen Stacy: [smiles] You got it.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Jeff Morales: But he does these things that are so *stupid.* [Miles is immediately shocked] Jeff Morales: I just don't want him to mess it up. Miles Morales: Maybe get off the kid's ass. Jeff Morales: I'm sorry, what? Miles Morales: What? Wha- I... I don't know.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ [Miguel breaks part of the console out of anger, after Miles activated the Go Home Machine] Peter B. Parker: O- Okay, enough. It's not the console's fault. Miguel O'Hara: All he had to do was listen! Why didn't he listen? Gwen Stacy: Maybe you weren't hard enough on him! Jessica Drew: Gwen, don't do it. Miguel O'Hara: You let him go. Gwen Stacy: Me? Miguel O'Hara: You didn't catch him, Gwen. Peter B. Parker: Okay, let's all just take a breath... Gwen Stacy: Peter, you wanna back me up? Peter B. Parker: Okay, well, Miguel, as the father of a daughter, and the son of a mother... Jessica Drew: Yeah, actually stop talking. Peter B. Parker: Okay, duly noted. Gwen Stacy: Let me just talk to him. [Miguel launches himself back to the platform] Miguel O'Hara: We tried that. Gwen Stacy: [shakily] He's my friend. Miguel O'Hara: Yeah, and that's the problem. Gwen Stacy: Do you know for sure what happens if he breaks the canon? [Miguel pauses for a second before turning around] Miguel O'Hara: Do you wanna find out? [to Jess] Miguel O'Hara: I told you she was a liability. Gwen Stacy: [shakily] You're wrong. Jess, tell him he's wrong! Jessica Drew: [sighs] He's not. Gwen Stacy: Are you serious right now? Jessica Drew: I told you: you let him get away, I can't help you. Gwen Stacy: I'm not coming. Miguel O'Hara: You're right. Gwen Stacy: What? [the console grabs Gwen, forcing her into the Go Home Machine] Gwen Stacy: What the hell? [Gwen tries to fight the console, but to no avail] Miguel O'Hara: Go home, Gwen. [Gwen desperately serves her last fight, but she notices it's too late] Gwen Stacy: We are supposed to be the good guys. [Jess seems to feel rather bad for Gwen, as the Go Home Machine sends her back to Earth-65] Gwen Stacy: [Margo, Lyla, Peter B. and Jess all look rather shocked by the action that Miguel took] Miguel O'Hara: We are. [turns around] Miguel O'Hara: We are.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Spot: This should work... or vaporize me and everything in this building, which... would not be good.

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: You're not a joke! Right, gang? Gwen Stacy: Absolutely. Spider-Man India: Completely unamusing! Hobie Brown: I don't believe in comedy! Just kidding! Miles Morales: See? No-one here thinks you're a joke! Spot: You won't after this. [Spot cuts the web with a portal and goes into the super-collider, waving goodbye to Miles and the gang] Spider-Man India: Well, that was another easy adventure for Spider-Man! Miles Morales: No, no, no, no! Hobie Brown: No, no, no, no, no, no! Gwen Stacy: No, Pavitr, no! [the super-collider blows up, and The Spot is now a lot more powerful than before]

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Jessica Drew: Hobie, you're not helping! Hobie Brown: Good

§Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse ¤ Gwen Stacy: How's the manhunt for me going?

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [Han answers the intercom after comandeering an attack station] Han Solo: [1:15:22] Uh, everything's under control. Situation normal. Voice: What happened? Han Solo: [getting nervous] Uh, we had a slight weapons malfunction, but uh... everything's perfectly all right now. We're fine. We're all fine here now, thank you. How are you? Voice: We're sending a squad up. Han Solo: Uh, uh... negative, negative. We had a reactor leak here now. Give us a few minutes to lock it down. Large leak, very dangerous. Voice: Who is this? What's your operating number? Han Solo: Uh... [Han shoots the intercom] Han Solo: [muttering] Boring conversation anyway. LUKE, WE'RE GONNA HAVE COMPANY!

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Mos Eisley spaceport: You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Stormtrooper: Let me see your identification. Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: [with a small wave of his hand] You don't need to see his identification. Stormtrooper: We don't need to see his identification. Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: These aren't the droids you're looking for. Stormtrooper: These aren't the droids we're looking for. Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: He can go about his business. Stormtrooper: You can go about your business. Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Move along. Stormtrooper: Move along... move along.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Princess Leia Organa: General Kenobi. Years ago you served my father in the Clone Wars. Now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the Empire. I regret that I am unable to present my father's request to you in person, but my ship has fallen under attack, and I'm afraid my mission to bring you to Alderaan has failed. I have placed information vital to the survival of the Rebellion into the memory systems of this R2 unit. My father will know how to retrieve it. You must see this droid safely delivered to him on Alderaan. This is our most desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope. [pause] Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: [to Luke] You must learn the ways of the Force, if you're to come with me to Alderaan. Luke Skywalker: Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan, I've gotta get *home*, it's late, I'm in for it as it is! Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing. Luke Skywalker: Look, I can't get involved. I've got work to do. It's not that I like the Empire; I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now... It's all such a long way from here. Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's your uncle talking.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Use the Force, Luke.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ C-3PO: Just you reconsider playing that message for him! [R2 beeps a question] C-3PO: No, I don't think he likes you at all. [R2 beeps again] C-3PO: No, I don't like you either.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ General Tagge: [37:45] And what of the Rebellion? If the Rebels have obtained a complete technical reading of this station, it is possible, however unlikely, they might find a weakness and exploit it. Darth Vader: The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. Admiral Motti: Any attack made by the Rebels against this station would be a useless gesture, no matter what technical data they have obtained. This station is now the ultimate power in the universe! I suggest we use it! Darth Vader: Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet, or even a whole system, is insignificant next to the power of the Force. Admiral Motti: Don't try to frighten us with your sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Your sad devotion to that ancient religion has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes, or given you clairvoyance enough to find the Rebels' hidden fort... [Vader makes a pinching motion and Motti starts choking] Darth Vader: I find your lack of faith disturbing. Grand Moff Tarkin: Enough of this! Vader, release him! Darth Vader: As you wish. [He does] Grand Moff Tarkin: This bickering is pointless! Lord Vader will provide us with the location of the Rebel fortress by the time this station is operational. We will then crush the Rebellion with one swift stroke!

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Han Solo: Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight. I take orders from just one person: me. Princess Leia Organa: It's a wonder you're still alive. [Pushing past Chewbacca] Princess Leia Organa: Will someone get this big walking carpet out of my way? Han Solo: No reward is worth this.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Han Solo: Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [R2-D2 and Chewbacca are playing the holographic game aboard the Millennium Falcon] Chewbacca: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrgh! C-3PO: He made a fair move. Screaming about it can't help you. Han Solo: Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Wookiee. C-3PO: But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid. Han Solo: That's 'cause droids don't pull people's arms out of their sockets when they lose. Wookiees are known to do that. Chewbacca: Grrf. C-3PO: I see your point, sir. I suggest a new strategy, R2: let the Wookiee win.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ C-3PO: We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Han Solo: Wonderful girl. Either I'm going to kill her or I'm beginning to like her.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Princess Leia Organa: Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper? Luke Skywalker: Huh? Oh, the uniform. [Luke takes off Stormtrooper mask]

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Darth Vader: [1:55:54] The Force is strong with this one.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Obi-Wan: I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced. I fear something terrible has happened.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [repeated line] C-3PO: We're doomed.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Princess Leia Organa: It's not over yet. Han Solo: It is for me, sister. Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money. Princess Leia Organa: You needn't worry about your reward. If money is all that you love, then that's what you'll receive. [to Luke] Princess Leia Organa: Your friend is quite the mercenary. I wonder if he really cares about anything. Or anybody. [she stalks out] Luke Skywalker: [calling after her] I care. [to Han] Luke Skywalker: So, what do you think of her, Han? Han Solo: I'm tryin' not to, kid. Luke Skywalker: Good. Han Solo: [baiting him] Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I don't know, whaddya think? You think a princess and a guy like me... Luke Skywalker: [quickly] No.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [first title cards] Title card/crawl: A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away... Title card/crawl: It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet. Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy...

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Luke Skywalker: She's rich. Han Solo: [interested] Rich? Luke Skywalker: Rich, powerful. Listen, if you were to rescue her, the reward would be... Han Solo: What? Luke Skywalker: Well, more wealth than you can imagine! Han Solo: I don't know, I can imagine quite a bit.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Han Solo: Han Solo. I'm captain of the Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells me you're lookin' for passage to the Alderaan system? Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Yes indeed, if it's a fast ship. Han Solo: Fast ship? You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon? Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Should I have? Han Solo: It's the ship that made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs. I've outrun Imperial starships. Not the local bulk cruisers mind you, I'm talking about the big Corellian ships now. She's fast enough for you old man. What's the cargo? Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Only passengers. Myself, the boy, two droids... and no questions asked. Han Solo: [chuckles] What is it? Some kind of local trouble? Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Let's just say we'd like to avoid any Imperial entanglements.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Han Solo: Hokey religions and ancient weapons are not a good match for a blaster at your side, kid. Luke Skywalker: You don't believe in the Force, do you? Han Solo: Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other; I've seen a lot of strange stuff. But I've never seen anything to make me believe that there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls my destiny. Anyway, it's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [approaching the Death Star] Luke Skywalker: I have a very bad feeling about this.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [repeated line] Princess Leia: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi; you're my only hope.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: The Force will be with you, always.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Han Solo: Get in there, you big furry oaf! I don't care what you smell!

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Luke Skywalker: How did my father die? Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi knights. He betrayed and murdered your father. Now the Jedi are all but extinct. Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Luke Skywalker: [griping about Tatooine] If there's a bright center to the universe, you're on the planet that it's farthest from.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ C-3PO: I would much rather have gone with Master Luke than stay here with you. I don't know what all this trouble is about, but I'm sure it must be your fault. [R2 beeps an angry response] C-3PO: You watch your language!

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Darth Vader: This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi, it will soon see the end of the Rebellion.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [Ponda Baba gives Luke a rough shove and starts yelling at Luke in an alien language which Luke doesn't understand] Dr. Evazan: [explaining] He doesn't like you. Luke Skywalker: Sorry. Dr. Evazan: [grabbing Luke] *I* don't like you either. You just watch yourself. We're wanted men. I have the death sentence on twelve systems. Luke Skywalker: I'll be careful. Dr. Evazan: You'll be dead! Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: [intervening] This little one's not worth the effort. Come, let me get you something. [Dr. Evazan shoves Luke across the room and pulls out a blaster] Bartender: No blasters! No blasters! [Obi-Wan ignites his lightsaber, wounding Dr. Evazan and severing Ponda Baba's arm]

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's no moon. It's a space station.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: The Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Princess Leia Organa: No! Alderaan is peaceful! We have no weapons, you can't possibly... Grand Moff Tarkin: [impatiently] You would prefer another target, a military target? Then name the system! I grow tired of asking this so it will be the last time: Where is the rebel base? Princess Leia Organa: ...Dantooine. They're on Dantooine. Grand Moff Tarkin: There. You see, Lord Vader, she can be reasonable. Continue with the operation; you may fire when ready. Princess Leia Organa: WHAT? Grand Moff Tarkin: You're far too trusting. Dantooine is too remote to make an effective demonstration - but don't worry; we will deal with your rebel friends soon enough.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Princess Leia Organa: Governor Tarkin! I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash. I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board. Grand Moff Tarkin: Charming to the last. You don't know how hard I found it, signing the order to terminate your life. Princess Leia Organa: I'm surprised that you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. Grand Moff Tarkin: Princess Leia, before your execution, I would like you to be my guest at a ceremony that'll make this battle station operational. No star system will dare oppose the Emperor now. Princess Leia Organa: The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers. Grand Moff Tarkin: Not after we demonstrate the power of this station. In a way, you have determined the choice of the planet that'll be destroyed first. Since you are reluctant to provide us with the location of the Rebel base, I have chosen to test this station's destructive power on your home planet of Alderaan.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Darth Vader: I sense something; a presence I've not felt since...

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Commander #1: We've analyzed their attack, sir, and there is a danger. Should I have your ship standing by? Grand Moff Tarkin: Evacuate? In our moment of triumph? I think you overestimate their chances.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Darth Vader: [zeroing in on Luke's fighter] I have you now! [one of Vader's wing-men explodes] Darth Vader: What? Han Solo: YAHOOO! [the Millennium Falcon appears] Tie Fighter pilot: Look out! [Han fires again, the second fighter collides with Vader's, sending him careening away] Han Solo: You're all clear, kid, now let's blow this thing and go home! [Luke fires, the torpedoes dive down the exhaust port; the Millennium Falcon leads the remaining rebel ships away as the Death Star explodes]

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Han Solo: Great shot, kid, that was one in a million!

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Luke Skywalker: [about Princess Leia] They're gonna execute her! Look, a few minutes ago you said you didn't want to just wait here to be captured. Now all you want to do is stay? Han Solo: Marching into a detention area is not what I had in mind. Luke Skywalker: But they're gonna kill her! Han Solo: Better her than me!

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Aunt Beru: Where are you going? Luke: Looks like I'm going nowhere. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go finish cleaning those droids. Aunt Beru: [after Luke leaves] Owen, he can't stay here forever, most of his friends have gone. It means so much to him. Uncle Owen: I'll make it up to him next year; I promise. Aunt Beru: Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He has too much of his father in him. Uncle Owen: That's what I'm afraid of.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ [repeated line] C-3PO: [to R2-D2] This is all your fault.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Princess Leia Organa: I don't know who you are or where you came from, but from now on you'll do as I tell you, okay?

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: [to R2-D2] Hello there. [R2 beeps] Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Come here, my little friend. Don't be afraid. [R2 beeps a question] Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Oh don't worry, he'll be alright.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ C-3PO: Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Darth Vader: [addressing the Tantive IV's captain, whom he is interrogating] Where are those transmissions you intercepted? WHAT have you DONE with those plans? [holding Captain Antilles off the floor, the Captain's feet are dangling at Vader's knees] Captain Antilles: We intercepted no transmissions... [gasps] Captain Antilles: ... This is a consular ship... We're on a - [chokes] Captain Antilles: diplomatic mission... Darth Vader: [shouting] If this is a consular ship, WHERE is the ambassador? [Antilles dies before he can answer, and Vader throws the man's body against the wall, narrowly missing 2 stormtroopers] Darth Vader: Commander, tear this ship apart until you find those plans! And bring me all passengers, I want them ALIVE!

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: I have something here for you. Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan on some damn fool idealistic crusade like your father did. Luke Skywalker: What is it? Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Your father's light saber. This is the weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsy or random as a blaster; an elegant weapon for a more civilized age. For over a thousand generations, the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic. Before the dark times... before the Empire.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Luke Skywalker: [32:37] No, my father didn't fight in the Clone Wars. He was a navigator on a spice freighter. Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's what your uncle told you. He didn't hold with your father's ideals; he felt he should've stayed here and not gotten involved. Luke Skywalker: You fought in the Clone Wars? Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: Yes. I was once a Jedi knight, the same as your father. Luke Skywalker: I wish I'd known him. Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: He was the best star pilot in the galaxy, and a cunning warrior. I understand that you've become quite a good pilot yourself. [sorrowfully] Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: And he was a good friend.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Darth Vader: He is here. Grand Moff Tarkin: Obi-Wan Kenobi? What makes you think so? Darth Vader: A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master. Grand Moff Tarkin: Surely he must be dead by now. Darth Vader: Don't underestimate the Force. Grand Moff Tarkin: The Jedi are extinct, their fire has gone out of the universe. You, my friend, are all that's left of their religion. [answering a comm signal] Grand Moff Tarkin: Yes? Voice: We have an emergency alert in detention block AA-23. Grand Moff Tarkin: The Princess? Put all sections on alert. Darth Vader: Obi-wan is here. The Force is with him. Grand Moff Tarkin: If you're right, he must not be allowed to escape. Darth Vader: Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone.

§Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope ¤ Ben Obi-Wan Kenobi: There was nothing you could have done, Luke, had you been there. You'd have been killed too, and the droids would now be in the hands of the Empire. Luke Skywalker: I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and become a Jedi like my father.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: Hasta la vista, baby.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: [1:16:18] No, no, no, no. You gotta listen to the way people talk. You don't say "affirmative," or some shit like that. You say "no problemo." And if someone comes on to you with an attitude you say "eat me." And if you want to shine them on it's "hasta la vista, baby." The Terminator: Hasta la vista, baby. John Connor: Yeah but later, dickwad. And if someone gets upset you say, "chill out"! Or you can do combinations. The Terminator: Chill out, dickwad. John Connor: Great! See, you're getting it! The Terminator: No problemo.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [the Terminator has promised not to kill anybody, but to get into the hospital he shoots the guard in the legs] The Terminator: He'll live.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: Come with me if you want to live!

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: Todd and Janelle are dicks, but I've gotta warn them. You got a quarter? [the Terminator smashes into the coin bin and hands John a quarter] Janelle Voight: [answers the phone] Hello? John Connor: Janelle, it's me! Janelle Voight: John? John Connor: Yeah. Is everything all right? Are you guys okay? Janelle Voight: Sure, honey, everything's okay. Are you all right? John Connor: Yeah, I'm fine. Janelle Voight: John, it's late. Honey, I was beginning to worry about you. If you hurry home, we can sit down and have dinner together. I'm making beef stew. John Connor: [holds his hand over the phone] Something's wrong. She's never this nice. Janelle Voight: John, where are you? Todd Voight: [hearing Max barking outside] What the hell is that goddamn dog barking at? Todd Voight: [shouting at Max] Hey! Shut up you worthless piece of shit! John Connor: [to himself] The dog's really barking... Todd Voight: Thought you were gonna tell the kid to get rid of that fucking mutt. Janelle Voight: [uses her arm to kill Todd] John, honey, it's late. Please don't make me worry. John Connor: [to Terminator, hand over the phone] Could it already be there? Janelle Voight: Honey, are you okay? The Terminator: [takes the phone from John and impersonates his voice] I'm right here. I'm fine. Janelle Voight: Are you sure? Are you sure you're all right? The Terminator: [to John; normal voice] What's the dog's name? John Connor: Max. The Terminator: [impersonating John's voice] Hey Janelle, what's wrong with Wolfie? I can hear him barking. Is he all right? Janelle Voight: Wolfie's fine, honey. Wolfie's just fine. Where are you? The Terminator: [hangs up the phone] Your foster parents are dead.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: I need your clothes, your boots and your motorcycle. Cigar Biker: You forgot to say "please."

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ Sarah Connor: [voiceover] Watching John with the machine, it was suddenly so clear. The terminator would never stop. It would never leave him, and it would never hurt him, never shout at him, or get drunk and hit him, or say it was too busy to spend time with him. It would always be there. And it would die to protect him. Of all the would-be fathers who came and went over the years, this thing, this machine, was the only one who measured up. In an insane world, it was the sanest choice.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: I know now why you cry [wipes a tear from John's face] The Terminator: but it's something that I can never do.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: We need to get my mother. The Terminator: Negative. The T-1000's highest probability for success now will be to copy Sarah Connor and to wait for you to make contact with her. John Connor: Great, but what happens to her? The Terminator: Typically, the subject being copied is terminated. John Connor: Shit! Why didn't you tell me? We gotta go right now! The Terminator: Negative. She's not a mission priority. John Connor: Fuck you! She's a priority to me!

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: Why do you cry? John Connor: You mean people? The Terminator: Yes. John Connor: I don't know. We just cry. You know, when it hurts. The Terminator: Pain causes it? John Connor: No, it's when there's nothing wrong with you, but you hurt anyway. You get it? The Terminator: No.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [the T-1000 has fallen into a vat of molten steel] John Connor: Is it dead? The Terminator: Terminated.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [last lines] Sarah Connor: [narrating] The unknown future rolls toward us. I face it, for the first time, with a sense of hope. Because if a machine, a Terminator, can learn the value of human life, maybe we can too.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: We've got company. Miles Dyson: Police? Sarah Connor: How many? John Connor: All of 'em, I think.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ Dr. Silberman: You broke my arm! Sarah Connor: There are 215 bones in the human body. That's one.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: The whole thing goes: The future's not set. There's no fate but what we make for ourselves.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: You just can't go around killing people. The Terminator: Why? John Connor: What do you mean why? 'Cause you can't. The Terminator: Why? John Connor: Because you just can't, okay? Trust me on this.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: We're not gonna make it, are we? People, I mean. The Terminator: It's in your nature to destroy yourselves. John Connor: Yeah. Major drag, huh?

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: Jesus, you were gonna kill that guy. The Terminator: Of course; I'm a Terminator.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: Stay here. I'll be back.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: Are you ever afraid? The Terminator: No. John Connor: Not even of dying? The Terminator: No. John Connor: You don't feel any emotion about it one way or another? The Terminator: No. I have to stay functional until my mission is complete. Then it doesn't matter. John Connor: Yeah. I have to stay functional too. I'm "too important".

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: [1:11:28] Can you learn stuff you haven't been programmed with so you could be... you know, more human? And not such a dork all the time? The Terminator: My CPU is a neural-net processor; a learning computer. But Skynet presets the switch to read-only when we're sent out alone. Sarah Connor: Doesn't want you doing too much thinking, huh? The Terminator: No. John Connor: Can we reset the switch? The Terminator: Rotate the two locking cylinders counterclockwise. Do it. Now, open the port cover. Pull to break the seal. Good. Now, remove the shock dampening assembly. You can now access the CPU. Do you see it? Sarah Connor: Yes. The Terminator: Pull the CPU bolts space tab. Pull

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: Wait a minute here. You're telling me that this thing can imitate anything it touches? The Terminator: Anything it samples by physical contact. John Connor: Get real, like it could disguise itself as a pack of cigarettes? The Terminator: No, only an object of equal size. John Connor: Then why doesn't it become a bomb or a machine gun or something to get me? The Terminator: The T-1000 can't form complex machines. Guns and explosives have chemicals in them. Moving parts. It doesn't work that way, but it can form solid metal shapes. John Connor: Like what? The Terminator: Knives and stabbing weapons.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: I'll take care of the police. John Connor: Hey, wait! You swore! The Terminator: [smiles] Trust me.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ T-1000: [1:10:07] Fine. Say... That's a nice bike...

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: You're not here to kill me. I figured out that for myself. So what's the deal? The Terminator: My mission is to protect you. John Connor: Yeah? Who sent you? The Terminator: You did. Thirty-five years from now, you reprogrammed me to be your protector here, in this time. John Connor: Oh, this is deep.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: Does it hurt when you get shot? The Terminator: I sense injuries. The data could be called "pain."

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ Sarah Connor: Children look like burnt paper. Black. Not moving. And then the blast wave hits them. And then they fly apart like leaves. Dr. Silberman: Dreams of cataclysm, the end of the world are very common. Sarah Connor: It's not a dream, you moron. It's real. I know the date it happens. Dr. Silberman: I'm sure it feels real to you. Sarah Connor: On August 29, 1997 it's gonna feel pretty fucking real to you too! Anybody not wearing two-million sunblock is gonna have a bad day. Get it?

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: You know what you're doing? The Terminator: I have detailed files on human anatomy. Sarah Connor: I'll bet. Makes you a more efficient killer, right? The Terminator: Correct.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: [arriving at the mental hospital] Why we stop now? John Connor: Now, you gotta promise me you're not gonna kill anyone, right? The Terminator: Right. John Connor: Swear? The Terminator: What? John Connor: Just put up your hand and say, "I swear I won't kill anyone." The Terminator: [raises his hand] I swear I won't kill anyone.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [first lines] Sarah Connor: [narrating] Three billion human lives ended on August 29th, 1997. The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war Judgment Day. They lived only to face a new nightmare: the war against the machines. The computer which controlled the machines, Skynet, sent two Terminators back through time. Their mission: to destroy the leader of the human resistance, John Connor, my son. The first Terminator was programmed to strike at me in the year 1984, before John was born. It failed. The second was set to strike at John himself when he was still a child. As before, the resistance was able to send a lone warrior, a protector for John. It was just a question of which one of them would reach him first.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: In three years, Cyberdyne will become the largest supplier of military computer systems. All stealth bombers are upgraded with Cyberdyne computers, becoming fully unmanned. Afterwards, they fly with a perfect operational record. The Skynet Funding Bill is passed. The system goes online August 4th, 1997. Human decisions are removed from strategic defense. Skynet begins to learn at a geometric rate. It becomes self-aware at 2:14 a.m. Eastern time, August 29th. In a panic, they try to pull the plug. Sarah Connor: Skynet fights back. The Terminator: Yes. It launches its missiles against the targets in Russia. John Connor: Why attack Russia? Aren't they our friends now? The Terminator: Because Skynet knows that the Russian counterattack will eliminate its enemies over here.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: [John starts to cry] What's wrong with your eyes?

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: [as he hacks an ATM] Please insert your stolen card now.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ T-1000: Get out.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [One-armed and battered after confronting the T-1000] The Terminator: I need a vacation.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: Where are we going? The Terminator: We have to get out of the city immediately and avoid the authorities. John Connor: Listen, I need to stop by my house. I want to pick up some stuff before we leave. The Terminator: Negative. The T-1000 will definitely try to reacquire you there. John Connor: Are you sure? The Terminator: I would.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: So this other guy: he's a Terminator like you, right? The Terminator: Not like me. A T-1000, advanced prototype. John Connor: You mean more advanced than you are? The Terminator: Yes. A mimetic polyalloy. John Connor: What the hell does that mean? The Terminator: Liquid metal.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: Come with me if you want to live.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua and places like that. For a while there, she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy, running guns. Then there were some other guys. She'd shack up with anybody she could learn from so she could teach me how to be this "great military leader." Then she gets busted. And it's like, "Sorry kid, your mom's a psycho. Didn't you know?" It's like everything I'd been brought up to believe was all made of bullshit. I hated her for that! But everything she said was true. She knew... and nobody believed her. Not even me.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [Dyson's personal code fails to access the computer room] The Terminator: [raises a grenade launcher] Let me try mine.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ Sarah Connor: [narrating] Dyson listened while the Terminator laid it all down: Skynet, Judgment Day, the history of things to come. It's not everyday you find out that you're responsible for three billion deaths. He took it pretty well. Miles Dyson: [after the Terminator completes his story] I feel like I'm gonna throw up. You're judging me on things that I haven't even done yet. How are we supposed to know. Sarah Connor: Yeah, right. How are you supposed to know? Fucking men like you built the hydrogen bomb. Men like you thought it up. You think you're so creative. You don't know what it's like to really create something; to create a life; to feel it growing inside you. All you know how to create is death and destruction... John Connor: Mom! We need to be a little more constructive here, okay? We still have to stop this from happening, don't we?

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ Tim: [finds a picture of John's mother] Is that her? John Connor: Yes. Tim: She's pretty cool, huh? John Connor: No, she's a complete psycho. That's why she's up at Pescadero. It's a mental hospital. Okay? She tried to blow up a computer factory, but she got shot and arrested. Tim: No shit. John Connor: She's a total loser.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: We got Skynet by the balls now, don't we?

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ The Terminator: [to Sarah and John while he deals with an LA SWAT team] Stay here. I'll be back.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: Now don't take this the wrong way, but you're a Terminator, right? The Terminator: Yes. Cyberdyne Systems, Model 101.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ John Connor: [they're travelling in an ancient truck with the T-1000 hot on their heels] Step on it! The Terminator: [the truck is only going about 65] This is the vehicle's top speed. John Connor: I could get out and run faster than this!

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [from Extended Special Edition ending] Sarah Connor: [2:30:15] August 29, 1997 came and went. Nothing much happened. Michael Jackson turned 40. There was no Judgment Day. People went to work as they always do. Laughed, complained, watched TV, made love. I wanted to run to through the street yelling to grab them all and say, "Every day from this day on is a gift. Use it well." Instead, I got drunk. That was 30 years ago. But the dark future which never came still exists for me. And it always will, like the traces of a dream. John fights the way differently than it was foretold. Here, on the battlefield of the Senate his weapons are common sense and hope. Sarah's Granddaughter: [runs up to Sarah] Tie me, Grandma. Tie me! Sarah Connor: How's that? Sarah's Granddaughter: Thank you, Grandma. Sarah Connor: The luxury of hope was given to me by the Terminator. Because if a machine can learn the value of human life, maybe we can too.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ [the Terminator hoists a huge gun and lopsidedly smiles] John Connor: It's definitely you.

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ Dr. Silberman: It won't work, Sarah. You're no killer. I don't believe you'd do it. Sarah Connor: You're already dead, Silberman. Everybody dies. You know I believe it, so don't fuck with me!

§Terminator 2: Judgment Day ¤ Miles Dyson: Just let the boy go. Sarah Connor: Shut up! Shut up, shut up, shut up! It's all your fault! Mother fucker, it's all your fault! Miles Dyson: What?

§Back to the Future ¤ [last lines] Marty McFly: Hey, Doc, we better back up. We don't have enough road to get up to 88. Dr. Emmett Brown: Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads.

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: [21:04] If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious shit.

§Back to the Future ¤ [repeated Line] Dr. Emmett Brown: Great Scott!

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [57:58] Whoa. Wait a minute, Doc. Are you trying to tell me that my mother has got the hots for me? Dr. Emmett Brown: Precisely. Marty McFly: Whoa. This is heavy. Dr. Emmett Brown: There's that word again. "Heavy." Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [to Uncle Joey as a baby, playing in his playpen] So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid.

§Back to the Future ¤ [in the past, Marty observes his dad's incompetence] Marty McFly: Jesus, George, it was a wonder I was even born.

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [23:01] Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Doc. Ah... Are you telling me that you built a time machine... out of a DeLorean? Dr. Emmett Brown: The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car, why not do it with some *style?*

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [43:42] Calvin? Wh... Why do you keep calling me Calvin? Lorraine Baines: Well, that is your name, isn't it? Calvin Klein? It's written all over your underwear.

§Back to the Future ¤ [Marty and Doc observe George's incompetence in 1955] Dr. Emmett Brown: Which one's your pop? Marty McFly: [points him out] That's him. [they see him getting kicked around by other school bullies] George McFly: [has a "kick me" sign on his back] Okay. Okay, you guys. Ah-ha-ha-ha. Very funny. You guys are being real mature. Dr. Emmett Brown: Maybe you were adopted.

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: [Marty is showing Doc Brown the flux capacitor in the DeLorean time vehicle] [51:57] Dr. Emmett Brown: It works! It works! [grabs Marty] Dr. Emmett Brown: I finally invent something that works! Marty McFly: [quietly] You bet your ass it works.

§Back to the Future ¤ [addressing the shocked expressions at the dance after playing a wild heavy metal guitar solo] Marty McFly: I g-guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. But your kids are gonna love it.

§Back to the Future ¤ [Dr. Emmett Brown is doubting Marty McFly's story about that he is from the future] Dr. Emmett Brown: Then tell me, future boy, who's President of the United States in 1985? Marty McFly: Ronald Reagan. Dr. Emmett Brown: Ronald Reagan? The actor? [chuckles in disbelief] Dr. Emmett Brown: Then who's vice president? Jerry Lewis? [rushing out and down a hill toward his laboratory] Dr. Emmett Brown: I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady! Marty McFly: [following Doc] Whoa. Wait, Doc! Dr. Emmett Brown: And Jack Benny is secretary of the treasury. Marty McFly: [outside the lab door] Doc, you gotta listen to me. Dr. Emmett Brown: [opens the door to the lab] I've had enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy! [closes the door leaving Marty outside] Marty McFly: No, wait, Doc. Doc. The-the-the bruise on your head, I know how that happened. You told me the whole story. You were standing on your toilet and you were hanging a clock, and you fell and you hit your head on the sink. And that's when you came up with the idea for the flux capacitor, [somberly] Marty McFly: which is what makes time travel possible. [Doc opens the door and looks at Marty with a stunned look on his face]

§Back to the Future ¤ George McFly: Last night, Darth Vader came down from Planet Vulcan and told me that if I didn't take Lorraine out, that he'd melt my brain.

§Back to the Future ¤ 1955 radio weatherman: [It's Marty's last night in 1955. Doc is setting up the cable that will channel the lightning bolt into the time machine] ... Hill Valley area weather this Saturday night. Mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows tonight in the upper 40s. Dr. Emmett Brown: Are you sure about this storm? Marty McFly: Since when can weathermen predict the weather, let alone the future? Dr. Emmett Brown: You know, Marty, I'm gonna be very sad to see you go. You've really made a difference in my life. You've given me something to shoot for. Just knowing that I'm going to be around to see 1985. That I'm gonna succeed in this! [gestures at time machine] Dr. Emmett Brown: That I'm gonna have a chance to travel through time! [Marty looks solemn, knowing that Doc is destined to be murdered before he gets to use the time machine himself] Dr. Emmett Brown: It's gonna be really hard waiting 30 years before I can talk to you about everything that's happened in the past few days. I'm really gonna miss you, Marty. Marty McFly: I'm really gonna miss *you*. [pause] Marty McFly: Doc, about the future... Dr. Emmett Brown: No! Marty! We've already agreed that having information about the future can be extremely dangerous. Even if your intentions are good, it can backfire drastically! [Marty nods reluctantly] Dr. Emmett Brown: Whatever you've got to tell me, I'll find out through the natural course of time.

§Back to the Future ¤ Lou: You gonna order something, kid? Marty McFly: Ah, yeah. Give me- Give me a Tab. Lou: Tab? I can't give you a tab unless you order something. Marty McFly: Right. Give me a Pepsi Free. Lou: You want a Pepsi, pal, you're gonna pay for it.

§Back to the Future ¤ [repeated line also said by George] Marty McFly: If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything.

§Back to the Future ¤ [Stella Baines is Marty's future grandmother] Stella Baines: You know, Marty, you look so familiar to me. Do I know your mother? Marty McFly: [turning to look at Lorraine, his mother in the future] Yeah, I think maybe you do...

§Back to the Future ¤ George McFly: Hey, you! Get your damn hands off her!

§Back to the Future ¤ Marvin Berry: [on the phone, as Marty plays "Johnny B. Goode"] Chuck! Chuck, it's Marvin. Your cousin, Marvin Berry. You know that new sound you're looking for? Well, listen to this! [holds the receiver out]

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [whilst with his girlfriend] What happens to us in the future? Do we become assholes or something?

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: This is heavy. Dr. Emmett Brown: Weight has nothing to do with it.

§Back to the Future ¤ [Lorraine's parents are talking about Marty McFly, Lorraine's future son] Stella Baines: He's a very strange young man. Sam Baines: He's an idiot. Comes from upbringing. His parents are probably idiots, too. Lorraine, you ever have a kid who acts that way, I'll disown you.

§Back to the Future ¤ [Marty places headphones over his father's ears and wakes him up by playing Van Halen music at full blast. George wakes up screaming - Marty pauses the music. George looks up to see Marty, who is unrecognizable because he is wearing a radiation suit] George McFly: Who are you? Marty McFly: [after giving him another earful of loud rock music] Silence, Earthling. My name is Darth Vader. I am an extraterrestrial from the planet Vulcan! [makes Live Long and Prosper sign with his hand]

§Back to the Future ¤ George McFly: Lou, give me a milk. [dramatic pause] George McFly: Chocolate.

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: Let me show you my plan for sending you home. Please excuse the crudity of this model. I didn't have time to build it to scale or paint it. [reveals intricate tabletop model of the town square] Marty McFly: [impressed] It's good.

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [heads for a door then stops] Oh. One other thing. If you guys ever have kids, and one of them, when he's eight years old, accidentally sets fire to the living room rug... go easy on him.

§Back to the Future ¤ [pacing in front of the clock tower] Dr. Emmett Brown: [looks at his watch] Damn! Where is that kid? [looks at a small alarm clock in his other hand] Dr. Emmett Brown: Damn! [looks at a second watch on his other wrist] Dr. Emmett Brown: Damn! Damn!

§Back to the Future ¤ Goldie Wilson: [rushes up to George] Say! Why do you let those boys push you around like that for? George McFly: Well, they're bigger than me. Goldie Wilson: Stand tall, boy. Have some respect for yourself. Don't you know, if you let people walk over you now, they'll be walking over you for the rest of your life. Look at me. You think I'm gonna spend the rest of my life in this slop house? Lou: Watch it, Goldie. Goldie Wilson: No, sir! I'm gonna make something of myself. I'm going to night school, and one day, I'm gonna be somebody! Marty McFly: That's right! He's gonna be mayor. Goldie Wilson: Yeah, I'm... [smiles, one of his front teeth is gold] Goldie Wilson: Mayor! Now *that's* a good idea! I could run for mayor. Lou: A colored mayor. That'll be the day. Goldie Wilson: You wait and see, Mr. Caruthers. I *will* be mayor! I'll be the most powerful man in Hill Valley, and I'm gonna clean up this town. Lou: Good. You can start by sweeping the floor. [hands Goldie a broom] Goldie Wilson: [stands tall with a hand over his heart] Mayor Goldie Wilson. I like the sound of that. [collects George's dishes]

§Back to the Future ¤ Younger Dr. Emmett Brown: [running out of the room] 1.21 gigawatts! 1.21 gigawatts. Great Scott! Marty McFly: [following] What-what the hell is a gigawatt?

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: [Deleted Scene, Doc Brown uses a sound fork and hits the time machine with the sound fork and frantically steps back] I knew, I knew it, I knew it. Marty McFly: Doc, do you have a 75-ohm matching transformer? Dr. Emmett Brown: What? Marty McFly: [Realizing where in time he is] Not invented yet. That's right. Dr. Emmett Brown: [Walks over to his future self's suit case] So, these are my personal belongings, huh? Marty McFly: Yeah. Dr. Emmett Brown: [Opens up the suit case and picks up a hair dryer] What's this thing? Marty McFly: It's a hair dryer. Dr. Emmett Brown: A hair dryer? Don't they have towels in the future? Dr. Emmett Brown: [Picks up a pair of underwear] Oh, look at these underpants. They're all made of cotton. I though for sure we'd all be wearing disposable paper garments by 1985. Dr. Emmett Brown: [Picks up a Playboy Magazine] What's... this? [Looks at the magazine] Dr. Emmett Brown: [exclaims] Suddenly, the future's looking a *whole* lot better.

§Back to the Future ¤ [Marty enters his house and sees Biff harrassing George] Biff Tannen: I can't believe you'd loan me your car without telling me it had a blind spot. I could've been killed! George McFly: Blind spot? Now, now, Biff, now I never noticed that the car had any blind spot before when I would drive it. Hi, Son. Biff Tannen: What, are you blind, McFly? It's there. How else do you explain that wreck out there? George McFly: Biff, can I- Can I assume that your, uh, insurance is gonna pay for the damage? Biff Tannen: My insurance? It's your car. Your insurance should pay for it. I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? [shows his shirt] Biff Tannen: I spilled beer all over it when the car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill?

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [Reading a letter he has just written] Dear Dr. Brown. On the night that I go back in time, you will be shot by terrorists. Please take whatever precautions are necessary to prevent this terrible disaster. Your friend, Marty. [Writes the words "Do not open until 1985" on the envelope]

§Back to the Future ¤ [1955 Doc is watching a video of 1985 Doc] Dr. Emmett Brown: What on Earth is this thing I'm wearing? Marty McFly: Ah, this, this is a radiation suit. Dr. Emmett Brown: Radiation suit? Of course. 'Cause of all the fallout from the atomic wars.

§Back to the Future ¤ George McFly: Lorraine. My density has brought me to you. Lorraine Baines: What? George McFly: Oh. What I meant to say was... Lorraine Baines: Wait a minute. Don't I know you from somewhere? George McFly: Yes. Yes. I'm George. George McFly. I'm your density. I mean, your destiny.

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [watching a Honeymooners episode in 1955] Hey, hey, I've seen this one. I've seen this one. This is a classic. This is, uh, where Ralph dresses up as a man from space. Milton Baines: What do you mean, you've seen this? It's brand new. Marty McFly: Yeah, well, I saw it on a [realizing] Marty McFly: ... rerun. Milton Baines: What's a rerun? Marty McFly: You'll find out.

§Back to the Future ¤ [Marty wakes up in Lorraine's bed] Marty McFly: Mom. That you? Lorraine Baines: There, there, now. Just relax. [pats a damp cloth on Marty's forehead] Lorraine Baines: You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. Marty McFly: I had a horrible nightmare. I dreamed that I went... back in time. It was terrible. Lorraine Baines: Well, you're safe and sound now, back in good old 1955. Marty McFly: [opens his eyes wide] 1955?

§Back to the Future ¤ [repeated line] Marty McFly: This is heavy.

§Back to the Future ¤ [referring to the DeLorean] Marty McFly: [looks through a camcorder] This is heavy-duty, Doc. This is great. Uh, does it run, like, on regular unleaded gasoline? Dr. Emmett Brown: Unfortunately, no. It requires something with a little more kick. Plutonium. Marty McFly: Um, plutonium. Wait a minute. Are... [lowers the camcorder] Marty McFly: Are you telling me that this sucker is NUCLEAR? Dr. Emmett Brown: Hey, hey, hey! Keep rolling. Keep rolling there. [Marty raises the camcorder] Dr. Emmett Brown: No, no, no, no, no, this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 gigawatts of electricity I need. Marty McFly: Doc, you don't just walk into a store and-and buy plutonium! Did you rip that off? Dr. Emmett Brown: Of course. From a group of Libyan nationalists. They wanted me to build them a bomb, so I took their plutonium and, in turn, gave them a shoddy bomb casing full of used pinball machine parts. Come on! Let's get you a radiation suit. We must prepare to reload.

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: That's Strickland. Jesus, didn't that guy ever have hair?

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [acting cool] Do you mind if we... park... for a while? Lorraine Baines: That's a great idea. I'd love to park. Marty McFly: Huh? Lorraine Baines: Marty, I'm almost 18 years old. It's not like I've never parked before. Marty McFly: What? Lorraine Baines: Marty, you seem so nervous. Is something wrong? Marty McFly: [trying to maintain composure] No. No. [Lorraine takes a sip from a liquor bottle] Marty McFly: [grabbing the bottle from Lorraine] Lorraine! Lorraine, what are you doing? Lorraine Baines: [starting to laugh] I swiped it from the old lady's liquor cabinet. Marty McFly: Yeah, well, you shouldn't drink. Lorraine Baines: Why not? Marty McFly: Because you... You might regret it later in life. Lorraine Baines: Marty, don't be such a square. Everybody who's anybody drinks. [Marty takes a sip from Lorraine's bottle then spit-takes as he notices Lorraine lighting a cigarette] Marty McFly: [nauseatingly] Jeez! You smoke, too? Lorraine Baines: Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother.

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: [holding Marty's video camera] No wonder your president has to be an actor. He's gotta look good on television.

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: [Doc has just been shot. Marty runs over to him] Doc! Doc! Marty McFly: [Marty turns Doc's body over to reveal it is apparently bullet-ridden and lifeless. Marty begins to cry] No! No! Marty McFly: [Doc suddenly blinks and sits up] You're alive. Marty McFly: [Doc unzips his radiation suit to reveal a bulletproof vest underneath] Bulletproof vest? How did you know? I never got a chance to tell you. Marty McFly: [Doc smiles and removes a weathered piece of paper from his pocket. Marty unfolds the paper to reveal it is the warning letter he had written in 1955, taped back together] What about all that talk about screwing up future events? The space-time continuum? Dr. Emmett Brown: Well, I figured, what the hell?

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: Oh, my God. They found me. I don't know how, but they found me. Run for it, Marty! Marty McFly: Who? Who? Dr. Emmett Brown: Who do you think? THE LIBYANS! Marty McFly: HOLY SHIT!

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: [Doc has just finished the final preparations for Marty's return to 1985] Well, I guess that's everything. Marty McFly: [pause] Thanks. Dr. Emmett Brown: Thank *you*! [Marty emotionally embraces Doc, which surprises him] Dr. Emmett Brown: See you in about 30 years. Marty McFly: I hope so.

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: Let's go over the plan again, so eight-thirty where are you going to be? George McFly: I'm gonna be at the dance. Marty McFly: And where am I gonna be? George McFly: You're going to be in the car with her... Marty McFly: Right, so right around nine o'clock she's going to get very angry with me. George McFly: Why would she get angry with you? Marty McFly: [reluctantly] Because, George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. George McFly: [Realizing] Ho! Hooo! You-you mean you're going to go touch her on her - [gestures at a bra in his hand] Marty McFly: No, no, no listen, George it's just an act! Okay? So around nine o'clock you're walking through the parking lot, you see us... struggling in the car. You walk up, you open the door and you say [pause] Marty McFly: ... your line, George! George McFly: Oh! "Hey you! Get your damn hands off her!"

§Back to the Future ¤ [in 1955, catching George spying on a woman undressing in her bedroom] Marty McFly: He's a Peeping Tom!

§Back to the Future ¤ Biff Tannen: Since you're new here, I-I'm gonna cut you a break, today. So, why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: [reads the "Save the Clock Tower" flyer and reacts with hope] This is it! This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is going to strike the clock tower at precisely 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night! If... If we could somehow harness this lightning... channel it into the flux capacitor... it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future!

§Back to the Future ¤ Marty McFly: Do you know where Riverside Drive is? Sam Baines: It's on the other end of town. A block past Maple. East end of town. Marty McFly: A block past Maple? That's, uh, that's John F. Kennedy Drive. Sam Baines: Who the hell is John F. Kennedy?

§Back to the Future ¤ Dr. Emmett Brown: Marty, I'm sorry, but the only power source capable of generating 1.21 gigawatts of electricity is a bolt of lightning. Marty McFly: [startled] What did you say? Dr. Emmett Brown: A bolt of lightning. Unfortunately, you never know when or where it's ever gonna strike. Marty McFly: We do now. [hands Doc the "Save the Clock Tower" flyer]

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: Once you do something, you never forget. Even if you can't remember.

§Spirited Away ¤ Lin: What's going on here? Kamaji: Something you wouldn't recognize. It's called love.

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: You don't remember your name? Haku: No, but for some reason I remember yours.

§Spirited Away ¤ [in Japanese] Chihiro: Listen, Haku. I don't remember it, but my mom told me... Once, when I was little, I fell into a river. She said they'd drained it and built things on top. But I've just remembered. The river was called... Its name was the Kohaku River. Your real name is Kohaku. [Haku slowly changes into a boy again, permanently shedding away his white dragon skin. The two are falling from the sky, holding each other's hands] Haku: Chihiro, thank you. My real name is Nigihayami Kohaku Nushi. Chihiro: Nigihayami? Haku: Nigihayami Kohaku Nushi. Chihiro: [starts to cry] What a name. Sounds like a god. Haku: I remember too, how you fell into me as a child. You had dropped your shoe. Chihiro: Yes, you carried me to shallow water, Kohaku. [they put their faces close together, close enough to kiss] Chihiro: I'm so grateful!

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: Now, try to remember as much as you can about your old life. Chihiro: For some reason, I can remember Haku... from a long time ago... but I thought I never met him before! Zeniba: Oh, that's a wonderful place to start! Once you meet someone, you never really forget them.

§Spirited Away ¤ [Chihiro is being called Sen] Chihiro: Granny... I just want you to know my real name! It's Chihiro! Zeniba: Oh, what a pretty name! Be sure to take good care of it, dear!

§Spirited Away ¤ [last lines] Chihiro's Father: A new home and a new school? It is a bit scary. Chihiro: I think I can handle it.

§Spirited Away ¤ [in Japanese] Chihiro: I promise I'll be back, Haku. You can't die. Lin: What's going on here? Kamajii: Don't you see? It's called... Love.

§Spirited Away ¤ [in Japanese] Haku: Kamaji. Kamajii: [wakes up] Oh, Haku, you're awake. Haku: Where's Sen? What happened? Please, tell me. Kamajii: Don't you remember anything? Haku: Just little pieces. Chihiro kept calling my name in the darkness. I followed her voice and woke up lying here. Kamajii: Chihiro, huh? Her real name's Chihiro? Can't beat the power of love.

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: How did you know my name was Chihiro? Haku: I have known you since you were very small.

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: The protective seal on my gold charm is gone! Chihiro: You mean that little black slug? I think I killed in when I stepped on it... Zeniba: HA HA HA! My sister put that there so she could control Haku... and you killed it! HA HA HA! But it's strange... only love can remove a seal.

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: Guys, don't take that food! We're gonna get in trouble! Chihiro's Father: Don't worry, you've got Daddy with you. He's got credit cards and cash!

§Spirited Away ¤ Aogaeru: Welcome the rich man, he's hard for you to miss. His butt keeps getting bigger, so there's plenty there to kiss!

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: [Giving Chihiro a hair tie] It will protect you. It's made from the threads your friends wove together.

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: [about Yubaba] We're identical twins and exact opposites.

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: [after turning Boh into a mouse] There. Your body matches your brain.

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: I finally get a bouquet and it's a goodbye present. That's depressing.

§Spirited Away ¤ Yubaba: Oh, my baby! Are you all right? Are you emotionally tramautized?

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: There must be some mistake! None of these pigs are my parents!

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: Daddy, are we lost? Chihiro's Father: Don't worry, I've got four-wheel drive.

§Spirited Away ¤ No-Face: [offering a bowl of food] Try this. It's delicious. Want some gold? I'm not giving it to anybody else! [approaching her] No-Face: Come closer, Sen. What would you like? Just name it. Chihiro: I would like to leave, sir; there's some place I need to go to right away, please. You should go back to where you came from. Yubaba doesn't want you in the bath house any longer. Where is your home? Don't you have any friends or family? No-Face: [sulking] No... no... I'm lonely... I'm lonely. Chihiro: [backing away] What is it that you want? No-Face: I want Sen... I want Sen... [shoving a handful of gold in front of her] No-Face: Take the gold! Take it! Chihiro: Are you going to eat me? No-Face: Take it! [Boh bites him] No-Face: Huh? Ow. [attempts to swat Boh, but misses] Chihiro: If you want to eat me, eat this first. I was going to save it for my parents, but I think you'd better have it. [feeds No-Face the medicine. No-Face starts to vomit everywhere] No-Face: ...Sen! Sen, what did you do to me?

§Spirited Away ¤ Haku: Don't be afraid, I just wanna help you. Chihiro: [whining] No... no... no... no... no... Haku: Open your mouth and eat this. If you don't eat food from this world, you'll disappear. [Chihiro hesitates] Haku: Don't worry, it won't turn you into a pig. [Chihiro reluctantly eats the food, then starts to rematerialize]

§Spirited Away ¤ [in Japanese] Zeniba: I'd like to help you, dear, but there's nothing I can do. It's one of our rules here. You've got to take care of your parents and that dragon boyfriend of yours, on your own. Chihiro: But, um, can't you even give me a hint? I feel like Haku and I met, a long time ago. Zeniba: In that case, it's easy. Nothing that happens is ever forgotten, even if you can't remember it.

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: I'm sorry my sister turned you parents into pigs, but there's nothing I can do. Its just the way things are. You'll have to help your parents and Haku by yourself. Use what you remember about them. Chihiro: What? Can't you please give me more help than that? It feels like I met Haku, but it was a long time ago... Zeniba: That's a good start! Once you've met someone you never really forget them. It just takes a while for your memories to return.

§Spirited Away ¤ Lin: [spots Chihiro in the boiler room] A human! You're in trouble! You're the one everyone's been looking for! Kamaji: [calmly eating his lunch] She's my granddaughter. Lin: *Grand-daughter?*

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: Haku, listen. I just remembered something from a long time ago, I think it may help you. Once, when I was little, I dropped my shoe into a river. When I tried to get it back I fell in. I thought I'd drown but the water carried me to shore. It finally came back to me. The river's name was the Kohaku river. I think that was you, and your real name is Kohaku River. Haku: You did it, Chihiro! I remember! I was the spirit of the Kohaku River. Chihiro: A river spirit? Haku: My name is the Kohaku River. Chihiro: They filled in that river, it's all apartments now. Haku: That must be why I can't find my way home, Chihiro, I remember you falling into the river, and I remember your little pink shoe. Chihiro: So, you're the one who carried me back to shallow water, you saved me... I knew you were good!

§Spirited Away ¤ Lin: Sen! I'm sorry I called you a dope before... I take it back!

§Spirited Away ¤ No-Face: Hey, boss! It's me! I'm hungry! Why don't you wake everyone up?

§Spirited Away ¤ Aogaeru: [after being spit out by No-Face] What an esophagus!

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: What are all those stones? They look like little houses. Chihiro's Mother: Those are shrines. Some people believe spirits live in them.

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro's Father: Look, Chihiro! There's your new school! Chihiro's Mother: It doesn't look so bad. Chihiro: It's gonna stink. I liked my old school.

§Spirited Away ¤ [first lines] Chihiro: [reading a card] I'll miss you, Chihiro. Your best friend, Rumi.

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: Where is Haku... You better get here before I forget what my parents look like. I hope Dad hasn't gotten too fat.

§Spirited Away ¤ Lin: [Chihiro is looking at the wall as the lift goes up] You want to lose your nose?

§Spirited Away ¤ Boh: I'm not afraid of germs. If you don't play with me, I'll cry. Chihiro: Please don't cry, just wait! Boh: [starts crying] Right now, or I'll start crying! Chihiro: Don't cry! Don't cry!

§Spirited Away ¤ Door Knocker: Aren't you even going to knock? You're the most pathetic little girl I've ever seen.

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: I'm see-through!

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: Where did you learn how to spin, No-Face?

§Spirited Away ¤ Chihiro: [referring to the Radish Spirit] He's following us. Lin: Just don't look at him.

§Spirited Away ¤ Frog Spirit: Lin... Lin: What? [pushes Chihiro into the elevator to keep her from being seen] Frog Spirit: I smell something... a human! You smell like a human! Lin: Oh, really. Frog Spirit: You're hiding something, Lin. Come on, spit it out. Lin: [producing a roasted newt on a stick] Is this what you smell? Frog Spirit: Roasted newt!

§Spirited Away ¤ Lin: Sen! Sen, where are you? Chihiro: [from beside the Stink Spirit] Over here! Lin: Don't worry... stay right where you are, I'm coming to get you! You're gonna be fine, I won't let him hurt you. Chihiro: I think he needs help! It feels like there's a thorn in his side!

§Spirited Away ¤ Zeniba: [Haku breaks the paper bird she came in] Oh, paper cut! [Splits in two and disappears]

§Spirited Away ¤ Yubaba: [to Haku] What did you do with my baby?

§Spirited Away ¤ [repeated line] Chihiro's Father: Everybody, watch your step. Chihiro's Mother: Chihiro, don't cling like that. You'll make me trip.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: What are you reading? Henryk Szpilman: "If you prick us, do we not bleed? It you tickle us, we we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?" Wladyslaw Szpilman: [seeing that it is Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice] Very appropriate.

§The Pianist ¤ [Szpilman is discovered by the Polish army, wearing the German dress coat given him by Capt. Hosenfeld] Wladyslaw Szpilman: No. Please. I'm Polish. I'm not a German. Polish Soldier: Then why the fucking coat? Wladyslaw Szpilman: I'm cold.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: It's a funny time to say this, but... [trailing off] Halina: What? Wladyslaw Szpilman: I wish I knew you better.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: I don't know how to thank you. Captain Wilm Hosenfeld: Thank God, not me. He wants us to survive. Well, that's what we have to believe.

§The Pianist ¤ Captain Wilm Hosenfeld: What is your name? So I can listen for you. Wladyslaw Szpilman: My name is Szpilman. Captain Wilm Hosenfeld: Spielmann? That is a good name, for a pianist.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: They all want to be better Nazis than Hitler.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: [taking off his watch] Here, sell this. Food is more important than time.

§The Pianist ¤ Dorota: No-one play Chopin like you. Wladyslaw Szpilman: I hope that's a compliment.

§The Pianist ¤ Wailing Woman: Why did I do it? Why did I do it? Why did I do it? Halina: She's getting on my nerves. What did she do, for God's sake? Father: She smothered her baby.

§The Pianist ¤ Yehuda: [regarding the underground newspapers] These will start the uprising. Majorek hides them in his underpants, and leaves them in toilets. Majorek: As many toilets as I can find. Germans never use Jewish toilets. They're too clean for them.

§The Pianist ¤ Henryk Szpilman: What's the matter with you all, huh? You lost your sense of humor? Wladyslaw Szpilman: That's not funny. Henryk Szpilman: Well, you know what's funny? You're funny, with that ridiculous tie. Wladyslaw Szpilman: [getting angry] What're you talking about my tie for? What does my tie have to do with anything? I need this tie for my work! Henryk Szpilman: [mocking] Oh, your work. Wladyslaw Szpilman: Yes, that's right, I work! Henryk Szpilman: Yes, yes, your work. Playing the piano for the parasites in the ghetto. Wladyslaw Szpilman: Parasites... Henryk Szpilman: Yes, parasites. They don't give a damn about people suffering. Wladyslaw Szpilman: And you blame me for their apathy, right? Henryk Szpilman: [accusing] I do, because I see it everyday. They don't even notice what's going on around them. Father: I blame the Americans. Wladyslaw Szpilman: [visibly upset] For what, for my tie?

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: I'm not going anywhere. Halina: Good. I'm not going anywhere either. Mother: Don't be ridiculous, we've got to keep together. Wladyslaw Szpilman: Look, look... If I'm going to die, I prefer to die in my own home. I'm staying put.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: It's an official decree, no Jews allowed in the parks. Dorota: What, are you joking? Wladyslaw Szpilman: No, I'm not. I would suggest we sit down on a bench, but that's also an official decree, no Jews allowed on benches. Dorota: This is absurd. Wladyslaw Szpilman: So, we should just stand here and talk, I don't think we're not allowed to do that.

§The Pianist ¤ Feather Woman: Excuse me, have you seen my husband, Izaak Szerman? A tall, a tall handsome man, with a little grey beard. No? Oh, excuse me. Goodbye, sleep well. But if you see him, write to me, yes? Izaak Szerman!

§The Pianist ¤ Halina: We could hide the money. Look here. We can hide the money under the flower pots. Father: No, no, no, no, I'll tell you what we do. We use tried and tested methods. You know what we did in the last war? We made a hole in the table leg [taps the leg] Father: and hid the money in there. Henryk Szpilman: And suppose they take the table away? Father: What do you mean, take the table away? Henryk Szpilman: The Germans go into Jewish homes and they just take what they want, furniture, valuable, anything. Mother: Do they? Father: Idiot, what would they want with a table, a table like this? [rips a piece of wood off the table] Mother: What on earth are you doing! Halina: No, listen. This is the best place for it. No-one would think of looking under the flower pots. Henryk Szpilman: No, no, no, listen, listen to me, I've been thinking... Wladyslaw Szpilman: Oh, really? That's a change. Henryk Szpilman: You know what we do? We use psychology. Wladyslaw Szpilman: We use *what*? Henryk Szpilman: We leave the money and the watch on the table, and we cover it like this, in full view. Wladyslaw Szpilman: [amazed] Are you stupid? Henryk Szpilman: The Germans will search high and low, I promise you, they'll never notice! Wladyslaw Szpilman: That's the stupidest thing I've ever seen, of course they'll notice it. Look. [takes the violin and a bill, folds it and slips it into the opening of the violin] Wladyslaw Szpilman: Look here... idiot. Henryk Szpilman: And you call me stupid? Mother: No, that is very good, because that is the last place they will ever look. Henryk Szpilman: This will take hours! Mother: We're not in a hurry, we'll get it back... Wladyslaw Szpilman: It won't take hours. Henryk Szpilman: How will you get them out? Tell me that, tell me how, I'd like to know, how would you get them out. You take each one out individually... Halina: No-one listens to me, no-one.

§The Pianist ¤ Itzak Heller: What do you think you're doing Szpilman? I saved your life. Now go! Get out! Itzak Heller: [Szpilman begins to run] Don't run!

§The Pianist ¤ Mother: [crying] 20 zloty, that's all we have left, 20 zolty. What can I buy with 20 zloty? I am sick of cooking potatoes, potatoes, potatoes.

§The Pianist ¤ Dorota: I nagged Jurek for weeks and weeks, and at last he gave in and said, "Allright, come with me tomorrow." So I came and... they bombed the station! Wladyslaw Szpilman: Meeting you like that was absolutely wonderful. Dorota: Really? Wladyslaw Szpilman: Yes. It was... it was unforgettable.

§The Pianist ¤ Henryk Szpilman: I told her not to worry, you had your papers on you. If you'd been hit by a bomb, they'd have known where to take you.

§The Pianist ¤ Henryk Szpilman: Ah, more Jewish police. You mean you want me to beat up Jews and catch the Gestapo spirit? I see.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: So, you play the cello, Dorota. That's nice. And who's your favorite composer? Chopin? Really? Well, you'll have to learn to play his cello sonata, won't you? And what about you, Wladek? Well, perhaps I can accompany? Me on the piano, you on the cello? Dorota: Mr. Szpilman, you are quite, quite wonderful. Wladyslaw Szpilman: [kisses Dorota's hand] Call me Wladek. Please.

§The Pianist ¤ Halina: Have you seen this? Wladyslaw Szpilman: [impatient] What? What? I'm working. What? What is this? Halina: It's where they're going to put us. Wladyslaw Szpilman: What do you mean "put us"?

§The Pianist ¤ Lednicki: You took everything I had. Me, a musician. You took my violin, you took my soul.

§The Pianist ¤ Mr. Lipa: 2,000 and my advice is to take it. What will you do when you're hungry? Eat the piano?

§The Pianist ¤ Man Waiting to Cross: And the Germans claim to be intelligent! You know what I think, I think they are totally stupid. I have a family to feed. I spend half my time here, waiting for them to let us through. Why do they think I come here, to listen to the music?

§The Pianist ¤ Majorek: They're exterminating us. It won't take them long. We are 60 thousand left, out of half a million. Mostly young people. And this time we're gonna fight.

§The Pianist ¤ Jurek: [after Dorota meets Wladek] Come on Dorota, you can write him a fan letter later, this isn't the best time. Come on. Wladyslaw Szpilman: Jurek! Where have you been hiding her?

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: Its too small. There's 400,000 of us in Warsaw. Henryk Szpilman: No, there's 360,000. So it will be easy.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: I love to see a woman playing the cello.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: You've got to give me something to do. Yehuda: You're an artist, Wladek. You do enough. Wladyslaw Szpilman: I want to help. I want to do something. Yehuda: You're too well known, Wladek. And you know what? You musicians don't make good conspirators. You're too... too... musical! [laughs]

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: Where are we going? Mother: Phhhhh, out of Warsaw. Wladyslaw Szpilman: [confused] Out of Warsaw? Where? Regina: You haven't heard? Wladyslaw Szpilman: [exasperated] Heard what? Regina: Haven't you seen the paper? Wladyslaw Szpilman: No! Regina: Ah, where's the paper? Halina: I used it for packing. Regina: [incredulous] Ah, she used it for packing.

§The Pianist ¤ Man Waiting to Cross: A bridge, a shmidge.

§The Pianist ¤ Henryk Szpilman: I thought you only recruited boys with rich fathers. Look at my father, look at us. Itzak Heller: Yes, I'm looking at you, and that's why I'm here. Your whole family can have a better life. You want to go on struggling for survival, selling books on the street? Henryk Szpilman: Yes, please.

§The Pianist ¤ Yehuda: Majorek used to be in the army. Brilliant man. The only thing I've got against him is he's not a socialist.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: They bombed us, we're off the air. Henryk Szpilman: Warsaw's not the only radio station.

§The Pianist ¤ Regina: Quiet please. Quiet. Order, order! Please! Halina: She's a lawyer, she likes order. Regina: Listen, just listen. The watch we put under the flower pots and the money we stuff in the violin. Father: Will I still be able to play? Wladyslaw Szpilman: Well... you'll find out.

§The Pianist ¤ Henryk Szpilman: [discussing the star of David] I won't wear it. Regina: *I* won't wear it. I'm not going to be branded.

§The Pianist ¤ [first lines] Dorota: [running from bombing] Mr. Szpilman? Wladyslaw Szpilman: Hello. Dorota: Oh, I came specially to meet you. I love your playing. Wladyslaw Szpilman: Who are you? Dorota: My name is Dorota. I, I'm Jurek's sister... You're bleeding.

§The Pianist ¤ Father: What do you think? Should I, should I take Uncle Szymon's portrait? Mother: Take it, don't take it, take what you like! [sigh] Mother: Can't you see I'm worried sick?

§The Pianist ¤ Dorota: I'll get a doctor. Dorota's Husband: You can't, it's too dangerous. Dorota: I'll get Doctor Laczek, we can trust him. Dorota's Husband: Dorota, don't be ridiculous, he's a pediatrician. Dorota: He's still a doctor.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: What... what do you think you'll do while you're setting up your new line of defense? Wander around luggin' your suitcases?

§The Pianist ¤ Radio announcer: Poland is no longer alone.

§The Pianist ¤ Father: Well, to tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse.

§The Pianist ¤ Yehuda: [introducing Wladek] Majorek, this is the greatest pianist in Poland, maybe the whole world.

§The Pianist ¤ Wladyslaw Szpilman: What does my tie have to do with anything? I need it for work.

§The Pianist ¤ [last lines] Lednicki: It was here, I'm certain of it. Well, it's not here now. I shouted, abused them. I'm not proud of it, but that's what I did. I stood where you are now. There was a barbed wire and this German came up to me. You didn't catch his name? Wladyslaw Szpilman: No. Lednicki: I'll ask at the factory. They may know something.

§Parasite ¤ Ki-taek: [to his son] You know what kind of plan never fails? No plan. No plan at all. You know why? Because life cannot be planned. Look around you. Did you think these people made a plan to sleep in the sports hall with you? But here we are now, sleeping together on the floor. So, there's no need for a plan. You can't go wrong with no plans. We don't need to make a plan for anything. It doesn't matter what will happen next. Even if the country gets destroyed or sold out, nobody cares. Got it?

§Parasite ¤ Ki-taek: They are rich but still nice. Chung-sook, Ki-taek's wife: They are nice because they are rich.

§Parasite ¤ [rhythmically] Ki-jung: Jessica, only child. Ki-jung, Ki-woo: Illinois, Chicago. Classmate of Kim Jin-mo. He's your cousin.

§Parasite ¤ Ki-taek: Rich people are naive. No resentments. No creases on them. Chung-sook, Ki-taek's wife: It all gets ironed out. Money is an iron. Those creases all get smoothed out by money.

§Parasite ¤ [repeated line] Geun-se: Respect!

§Parasite ¤ [last lines] Kim Ki-woo: Dad, today I made a plan - a fundamental plan. I'm going to earn money, a lot of it. University, a career, marriage, those are all fine, but first I'll earn money. When I have money, I'll buy the house. On the day we move in, Mom and I will be in the yard. Because the sunshine is so nice there. All you'll need to do is walk up the stairs. Take care until then. So long.

§Parasite ¤ Chung-sook: If I had all this I would be kinder.

§Parasite ¤ Ki-taek: [message to Ki-woo] Perhaps you, if no one else, will be able to read this. You were a Scout, so I'm writing this just in case. Have your injuries healed? I'm sure your mother is plenty healthy. I'm doing fine in here. Though thinking of Ki-jung makes me cry. Even now, what happened that day doesn't seem real. It feels like a dream, and yet it doesn't. That day as I went out the gate, I suddenly knew where I needed to go. A house where such a grisly thing took place would surely not be easy to sell. I've struggled to hold on in this empty house. Still, thanks to the house being empty - what was her name, Moon-gwang? - I was able to give her a proper send off. I hear treeside burials are trendy. So hell, I did my best. Those real estate sharks sure are clever. They duped some people who had just arrived in Korea and managed to sell the house. With the parents working and the kids attending school, the family is usually out. But the damned housekeeper stays here 24 hours a day. Each time I go upstairs, I take my life into my hands. And it turns out Germans eat more than just sausage and beer. What a relief. Passing the time down here, everything starts to go hazy. Today at least, I was able to write you this letter. If I send out the letter this way every night, maybe someday you'll see it. So long.

§Parasite ¤ Kim Ki-woo: [narrates] Opening my eyes for the first time in a month, I saw a detective who looked nothing like a detective. Then the doctor who looked nothing like a doctor spoke. Even when I heard how much Ki-jung bled that day... even when I heard the words "forgery", "trespassing", "foul play", "murder", and that we were lucky to get away with probation... even when I finally got to see Ki-jung's face, I kept laughing. Though when I went back and watched the news reports, I didn't laugh.

§Parasite ¤ Ki-taek: Acting is one thing. But this family is so gullible, right? Chung-sook: Especially the Madame. Ki-taek: You said it. She's so naive and nice. She's rich but she's still nice. Chung-sook: Not "Rich but still nice." Nice because she's rich, you know? Hell, if I had all this money, I'd be nice too!

§Parasite ¤ Moon-gwang: Don't fucking call me sis, you filthy bitch!

§Parasite ¤ Moon-gwang: What are you, a family of charlatans?

§Parasite ¤ Moon-gwang: Want to come down with me?

§Parasite ¤ Kim Ki-woo: [narrates] Actually, Mom and I had no idea where Dad was. But those detectives still wore themselves out following us. Eventually the news went quiet and after the surveillance stopped, I started going up that mountain. From up there, you have a great view of the house. That day, despite the cold. I felt like staying longer.

§Parasite ¤ Kim Ki-jung: [about Moon-gwang] She may look like a sheep, but inside, she's a fox. Sometimes she acts like she owns the house. Kim Ki-woo: Right. Of all the people in that house, she's lived there the longest. She was housekeeper to the architect Namgoong, but then she went on to work for this family. When the architect moved out, he introduced this woman to Park's family, telling them, "This is a great housekeeper, you should hire her". Chung-sook: So she survived a change of ownership. Kim Ki-woo: She won't give up such a good job easily. Kim Ki-jung: To extract a woman like that, we need to prepare well. Kim Ki-woo: Right, we need a plan. Park Da-hye: [cut to a scene with Ki-woo and Da-hye] I want to eat peaches. I like peaches best. Kim Ki-woo: Why not ask for some? Park Da-hye: No peaches at our house. It's a forbidden fruit. Kim Ki-woo: [cut back to the Kims; referring to Moon-gwang] So according to what Da-hye told me, she's got a pretty serious allergy to peaches. You know that fuzz on the peach skin? If she's anywhere near it, she gets a full body rash, has trouble breathing, asthma, a total meltdown! [Moon-gwang falls sick after Ki-woo puts peach fuzz on her] Ki-taek: Anyway. I wasn't trying to eavesdrop, but her words came through clearly! So I couldn't help but... Kim Ki-woo: Cut, cut! Dad, your emotions are up to here. Bring them down to about there. Ki-taek: So I couldn't help but overhear... Kim Ki-woo: Keep it focused! Ki-taek: [to Mrs. Park] What I'm trying to say is... it's just that, your housekeeper's voice is quite loud, you know? Park Yeon-kyo: I understand, it's all right. Just tell me, okay? Ki-taek: She said she got diagnosed with active tuberculosis and she was practically shouting over the phone, so upset she could barely control herself! Park Yeon-kyo: Tuberculosis? Come on... Ki-taek: It's true, she phoned someone saying she had active TB. Kim Ki-woo, Park Yeon-kyo: Do people still get TB? Kim Ki-woo: [cut back to the Kims] Dad, back in the day, people used to buy Christmas Seals, right? Feels like a bygone era. Ki-taek: [cut back to Ki-taek and Mrs. Park] But I saw it on the internet. Korea has the #1 rate of TB of all the OECD countries. Kim Ki-woo: [cut back to the Kims] But she's still working, as if nothing's wrong - with a kid like Da-song in the house. Ki-taek: [cut back to Ki-taek and Mrs. Park] So you've got a young kid like Da-song in the house, and a TB patient is doing dishes, cooking, spraying spittle... Park Yeon-kyo: Stop it, please! [cut to the Kims putting peach fuzz on Moon-gwang, causing her to fall sick again, and Ki-taek using chili sauce to fake Moon-gwang's blood]

§Parasite ¤ Moon-gwang: [Impersonating a North Korean news anchor] Today our beloved great leader Kim Jong-un, after witnessing the charlatan family video, was unable to contain his shock and fury at their wicked, despicable provocation! Geun-se: I've missed your jokes, honey! Moon-gwang: Therefore, our great leader in this age of denuclearization has commanded the nation's last remaining nuclear warhead be driven down the throats of this wicked family! Geun-se: No one can imitate North Korean news anchors like you! Moon-gwang: With their stinking guts serving as the last nuclear graveyard, our dear Leaders wish to denuclearize and bring world peace... Hands in the air, fuckers!... Higher! you scumbag family!

§Psycho ¤ [last lines] Norma Bates: [voiceover in police custody, as Norman is thinking] It's sad, when a mother has to speak the words that condemn her own son. But I couldn't allow them to believe that I would commit murder. They'll put him away now, as I should have years ago. He was always bad, and in the end he intended to tell them I killed those girls and that man... as if I could do anything but just sit and stare, like one of his stuffed birds. They know I can't move a finger, and I won't. I'll just sit here and be quiet, just in case they do... suspect me. They're probably watching me. Well, let them. Let them see what kind of a person I am. I'm not even going to swat that fly. I hope they are watching... they'll see. They'll see and they'll know, and they'll say, "Why, she wouldn't even harm a fly..."

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: She needs *me*. It's not as if is she were a maniac, a raving thing. She just goes - a little mad sometimes. We all go a little mad sometimes. Haven't you? Marion Crane: Yes. Sometimes just one time can be enough.

§Psycho ¤ Marion Crane: Do you go out with friends? Norman Bates: Well, a boy's best friend is his mother.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: She might have fooled me, but she didn't fool my mother.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: Where are you going? [Marion looks uncomfortable] Norman Bates: I didn't mean to pry. Marion Crane: I'm looking for a private island. Norman Bates: What are you running away from? Marion Crane: Why do you ask that? Norman Bates: People never really run away from anything. The rain didn't last long, did it? You know what I think? I think that we're all in our private traps, clamped in them, and none of us can ever get out. We scratch and we claw, but only at the air, only at each other, and for all of it, we never budge an inch. Marion Crane: Sometimes we deliberately step into those traps. Norman Bates: I was born in mine. I don't mind it anymore. Marion Crane: Oh, but you should. You should mind it. Norman Bates: Oh, I do... [laughs] Norman Bates: But I say I don't. Marion Crane: You know... if anyone ever talked to me the way I heard... the way she spoke to you... Norman Bates: Sometimes... when she talks to me like that... I feel I'd like to go up there... and curse her... and-and-and leave her forever! Or at least defy her! But I know I can't. She's ill.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: I think I must have one of those faces you can't help believing.

§Psycho ¤ Marion Crane: Do you have any vacancies? Norman Bates: Oh, we have 12 vacancies. 12 cabins, 12 vacancies.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: Mother! Oh God, mother! Blood! Blood!

§Psycho ¤ Marion Crane: Wouldn't it be better if you put her... some place...? [Marion does not finish the sentence as she thinks of the right thing to say. Norman leans forward with a concerned look on his face] Norman Bates: You mean an institution? A madhouse? Marion Crane: No, I didn't mean it like... Norman Bates: [suddenly angry] People always call a madhouse "someplace", don't they? "Put her in someplace!" Marion Crane: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to sound so uncaring. Norman Bates: What do you know about caring? Have you ever seen the inside of one of those places? The laughing, and the tears, and those cruel eyes studying you? My mother THERE? [subdued tone] Norman Bates: Oh, but she's harmless. She's as harmless as one of those stuffed birds. Marion Crane: I'm sorry. I felt that... well, from what you told me about your mother is that she might be hurting you. I meant well. Norman Bates: People always mean well. They cluck their thick tongues, and shake their heads and suggest, oh, so very delicately!

§Psycho ¤ Sam Loomis: Sometimes Saturday night has a lonely sound, you ever notice that Lila?

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: Well, a son is a poor substitute for a lover. Marion Crane: Why don't you go away? Norman Bates: What, to a private island like you? Marion Crane: No, not like me. Norman Bates: I couldn't do that. Who would look after her? The fire in her fireplace would go out. It would be cold and damp up there like a grave. If you love sombody, you wouldn't leave them even if they treat your badly. Do you understand? I don't hate my mother. I hate at what she's become. I hate her illness.

§Psycho ¤ Dr. Fred Richmond: Like I said... the mother... Now to understand it the way I understood it, hearing it from the mother... that is, from the mother half of Norman's mind... you have to go back ten years, to the time when Norman murdered his mother and her lover. Now he was already dangerously disturbed, had been ever since his father died. His mother was a clinging, demanding woman, and for years the two of them lived as if there was no one else in the world. Then she met a man... and it seemed to Norman that she 'threw him over' for this man. Now that pushed him over the line and he killed 'em both. Matricide is probably the most unbearable crime of all... most unbearable to the son who commits it. So he had to erase the crime, at least in his own mind. He stole her corpse. A weighted coffin was buried. He hid the body in the fruit cellar. Even treated it to keep it as well as it would keep. And that still wasn't enough. She was there! But she was a corpse. So he began to think and speak for her, give her half his life, so to speak. At times he could be both personalities, carry on conversations. At other times, the mother half took over completely. Now he was never all Norman, but he was often only mother. And because he was so pathologically jealous of her, he assumed that she was jealous of him. Therefore, if he felt a strong attraction to any other woman, the mother side of him would go wild. [Points finger at Lila Crane] Dr. Fred Richmond: When he met your sister, he was touched by her... aroused by her. He wanted her. That set off the 'jealous mother' and 'mother killed the girl'! Now after the murder, Norman returned as if from a deep sleep. And like a dutiful son, covered up all traces of the crime he was convinced his mother had committed!

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: Uh-uh, Mother-m-mother, uh, what is the phrase? She isn't quite herself today.

§Psycho ¤ Marion Crane: A man should have a hobby. Norman Bates: Well, it's - it's more than a hobby. A hobby's supposed to pass the time, not fill it. Marion Crane: Is your time so empty?

§Psycho ¤ Sam Loomis: You mean the old woman I saw tonight wasn't Mrs. Bates? Sheriff Al Chambers: Now wait a minute, Sam, are you *sure* you saw an old woman? Sam Loomis: Yes! In the house behind the motel! I called and I pounded, but she just ignored me! Sheriff Al Chambers: You mean to tell me you saw Norman Bates' mother? Lila Crane: It had to be - because Arbogast said so too. And the young man wouldn't let him see her because she was too ill. Sheriff Al Chambers: Well, if the woman up there is Mrs. Bates... who's that woman buried out in Greenlawn Cemetery?

§Psycho ¤ Norma Bates: [voice-over] No! I tell you no! I won't have you bringing some young girl in for supper! By candlelight, I suppose, in the cheap, erotic fashion of young men with cheap, erotic minds! Norman Bates: [voice-over] Mother, please...! Norma Bates: [voice-over] And then what? After supper? Music? Whispers? Norman Bates: [voice-over] Mother, she's just a stranger. She's hungry, and it's raining out! Norma Bates: [voice-over] "Mother, she's just a stranger"! As if men don't desire strangers! As if... ohh, I refuse to speak of disgusting things, because they disgust me! You understand, boy? Go on, go tell her she'll not be appeasing her ugly appetite with MY food... or my son! Or do I have tell her because you don't have the guts! Huh, boy? You have the guts, boy? Norman Bates: [voice-over] Shut up! Shut up!

§Psycho ¤ Sam Loomis: Bob! Run out and get yourself some lunch, will you? Bob Summerfield: Oh, that's okay, Sam, I brought it with me. Sam Loomis: Run out and eat it!

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: You-you eat like a bird. Marion Crane: [Looking around at the stuffed birds while eating] And you'd know, of course. Norman Bates: No, not really. Anyway, I hear the expression 'eats like a bird' - it-it's really a [stammers] Norman Bates: fals-fals-fals-falsity. Because birds really eat a tremendous lot. But -I-I don't really know anything about birds. My hobby is stuffing things. You know - taxidermy.

§Psycho ¤ Sheriff Al Chambers: He's a tranvestite! Sheriff Al Chambers: Ah, not exactly. A man who dresses in women's clothing in order to achieve a sexual change, or satisfaction, is a transvestite. But in Norman's case, he was simply doing everything possible to keep alive the illusion of his mother being alive. And when reality came too close, when danger or desire threatened that illusion - he dressed up, even to a cheap wig he bought. He'd walk about the house, sit in her chair, speak in her voice. He tried to be his mother! And, uh... now he is. [pause] Sheriff Al Chambers: Now, that's what I meant when I said I got the story from the mother. You see, when the mind houses two personalities, there's always a conflict, a battle. In Norman's case, the battle is over... and the dominant personality has won. Dr. Fred Richmond: And the forty thousand dollars? Who got that? Sheriff Al Chambers: The swamp. These were crimes of passion, not profit. Officer: [enters room with blanket on arm] He feels a chill. Can I bring him this blanket? Sheriff Al Chambers: [lighting cigarette] Oh, sure. Police Chief James Mitchell: All right.

§Psycho ¤ Milton Arbogast: Oh, someone has seen her, all right. Someone always sees a girl with $40,000.

§Psycho ¤ Marion Crane: Thank you. Norman Bates: Thank you, Norman. Marion Crane: Norman.

§Psycho ¤ Tom Cassidy: I'm buying this house for my baby's wedding present. Forty thousand dollars, cash! Now, that's... not buying happiness. That's just... buying off unhappiness. [waves money in front of Marion] Tom Cassidy: I never carry more than I can afford to lose! Count 'em. Caroline: I declare! Tom Cassidy: [staring at Marion] I don't! That's how I get to keep it! George Lowery: Tom, uh... cash transactions of this size! Most irregular.

§Psycho ¤ Hardware store customer: [Looking at can] They tell you what its ingredients are, and how it's guaranteed to exterminate every insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And-and I say, insect or man, death should always be painless.

§Psycho ¤ Sam Loomis: I've been doing all the talking so far, haven't I? I thought it was the people who were alone most of the time who did all the talking when they got the chance. Here you are doing all the listening. You are alone, aren't you? Norman Bates: [nodding] Hm-hmm. Sam Loomis: Would drive me crazy. Norman Bates: I think that would be a rather extreme reaction, don't you? Sam Loomis: Just an expression. What I meant was, I'd do just about anything to get away, wouldn't you? Norman Bates: No.

§Psycho ¤ Sheriff Al Chambers: Your detective told you he couldn't come right back because he was goin' to question Norman Bates' mother. Right? Lila Crane: Yes. Sheriff Al Chambers: Norman Bates' mother has been dead and buried in Greenlawn Cenetery for the past ten years! Eliza Chambers: I helped Norman pick out the dress she was buried in. Periwinkle blue. Sheriff Al Chambers: 'Tain't only local history, Sam. It's the only case of murder and suicide on Fairvale ledgers.

§Psycho ¤ Dr. Fred Richmond: No. I got the whole story - but not from Norman. I got it - from his mother. Norman Bates no longer exists. He only half-existed to begin with. And now, the other half has taken over. Probably for all time. Lila Crane: Did he kill my sister? Dr. Fred Richmond: Yes, - and no.

§Psycho ¤ Lila Crane: Look, that old woman, whoever she is, she told Arbogast something. I want her to tell us the same thing. Sam Loomis: Hold it, you can't go up there. Lila Crane: Why not? Sam Loomis: Bates. Lila Crane: Then, let's find him. One of us can keep him occupied while the other gets to the old woman. Sam Loomis: You'll never be able to hold him still even if he doesn't want to be held. And, I don't like you going into that house alone. Lila Crane: I can handle a sick old woman!

§Psycho ¤ Milton Arbogast: Well, if it doesn't jell, it isn't aspic, and this ain't jellin'!

§Psycho ¤ California Charlie: It's the first time the customer ever high-pressured the salesman. I figure roughly... your car plus seven hundred dollars. Marion Crane: Seven hundred dollars? California Charlie: You always got time to argue money, huh?

§Psycho ¤ Milton Arbogast: We're always quickest to doubt people who have a reputation for being honest.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: [voice-over] Now mother, I'm going to uh, bring something up... Norma Bates: [voice-over] Haha... I am sorry, boy, but you do manage to look ludicrous when you give me orders. Norman Bates: [voice-over] Please, mother. Norma Bates: [voice-over] No! I will not hide in the fruit cellar! Ha! You think I'm fruity, huh? I'm staying right here. This is my room and no one will drag me out of it, least of all my big, bold son! Norman Bates: [voice-over] They'll come now, mother! He came after the girl, and now someone will come after him. Please mother, it's just for a few days, just for a few days so they won't find you! Norma Bates: [voice-over] "Just for a few days"? In that dark, dank fruit cellar? No! You hid me there once, boy, and you'll not do it again, not ever again; now get out! I told you to get out, boy. Norman Bates: [voice-over] I'll carry you, mother. Norma Bates: [voice-over] Norman! What do you think you're doing? Don't you touch me, don't! NORMAN! Put me down, put me down, I can walk on my own...

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: Hate the smell of dampness, don't you? It's such a, I don't know, creepy smell.

§Psycho ¤ Milton Arbogast: Now, if this girl, Marion Crane, were here - you wouldn't be hiding her would you? Norman Bates: No. Milton Arbogast: Not even if she paid you? Norman Bates: No. Milton Arbogast: Lets just say, just for the sake of argument, that she wanted you to gallantly protect her, you'd know that you were being used. That you wouldn't be made a fool of, would you? Norman Bates: Well, I'm not a fool. And I'm not capable of being fooled! Not even by a woman.

§Psycho ¤ Marion Crane: Oh, we can see each other. We can even have dinner but respectably in my house with my mother's picture on the mantel and my sister helping me broil a big steak for three. Sam Loomis: And after the steak, do we send Sister to the movies? Turn mama's picture to the wall?

§Psycho ¤ [first lines] Sam Loomis: You never did eat your lunch, did you? Marion Crane: [on the bed in her underwear] I better get back to the office. These extended lunch hours give my boss excess acid. Sam Loomis: Why don't you call your boss and tell him you're taking the rest of the afternoon off? It's Friday anyway - and hot. Marion Crane: What do I do with my free afternoon? Walk you to the airport? Sam Loomis: Well, we could laze around here a while longer. Marion Crane: Checking out time is 3 P.M. Hotels of this sort are interested in you when you come in, but when your time is up... oh Sam, I hate having to be with you in a place like this. Sam Loomis: Married couples deliberately spend occasional night in a cheap hotels. Marion Crane: When you're married you can do - a lot of things - deliberately.

§Psycho ¤ Caroline: [taking pill bottle out of purse] I've got something - not aspirin. My mother's doctor gave them to me the day of my wedding. Teddy was furious when he found out I had taken tranquilizers! Marion Crane: [applying lipstick] Any calls? Caroline: Teddy called me - my mother called to see if Teddy called. Oh, your sister called to say she's going to Tucson to do some buying and she'll be gone the whole weekend, and...

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: Are you sure you wouldn't like to stay just a little while longer? Just for talk?

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: I don't set a fancy table, but the kitchen's awful homey.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: Dirty night.

§Psycho ¤ California Charlie: [Marion is imagining various conversations between the people she believes will be looking for her] Heck, Officer, that was the first time I ever saw the customer high-pressure the salesman! Somebody chasin' her? Highway Patrol officer: I better have a look at those papers, Charlie. California Charlie: She look like the wrong-one to you? Highway Patrol officer: Acted like one. California Charlie: The only funny thing, she paid me seven hundred dollars in cash. Caroline: [Marion imagines another conversation] Yes, Mr. Lowery? George Lowery: Caroline? Marion still isn't in? Caroline: No, Mr. Lowery. But then, she's always a bit late on Monday mornings. George Lowery: Buzz me the minute she comes in. Then call her sister - if no one's answering at the house. Caroline: [Marion imagines the conversation later resuming] I called her sister, Mr. Lowery, where she works, - the Music Makers Music Store, you know, - and she doesn't know where Marion is any more than we do. George Lowery: You'd better run out to the house. She may be, well - unable to answer the phone. Caroline: Her sister's going to do that. She's as worried as we are. George Lowery: [Marion imagines Lowery speaking to her sister Lila] No, I haven't the faintest idea. As I said, I last saw your sister when she left the office on Friday. She said she didn't feel well and wanted to leave early; I said she could. That was the last I saw... Now wait a minute. I did see her sometime later, driving - Ah, I think you'd better come over here to my office - quick! Caroline, get Mr. Cassidy for me! [pause] George Lowery: [Marion imagines another conversation] After all, Cassidy, I told you - all that cash! I'm not taking the responsibility! Oh, for heaven's sake! A girl works for you for ten years, you trust her! All right. Yes. You better come over. Tom Cassidy: Well, I ain't about to kiss off forty thousand dollars! I'll get it back, and if any of it's missin' I'll replace it with her fine, soft flesh! I'll track her, never you doubt it! George Lowery: Oh, hold on, Cassidy! I-I still can't believe - it must be some kind of mystery. I-I can't... Tom Cassidy: You checked with the bank, no? They never laid eyes on her, no? You still trustin'? Hot creepers! She sat there while I dumped it out! Hardly even looked at it! Plannin'! And - even flirtin' with me!

§Psycho ¤ Highway Patrol officer: Uh... hold it there. In quite a hurry. Marion Crane: [nervously] Yes. Uh... I didn't intend to sleep so long. I almost had an accident last night, from sleepiness. So I decided to pull over. Highway Patrol officer: You slept here all night? Marion Crane: Yes. As I said, I couldn't keep my eyes open. Highway Patrol officer: There are plenty of motels in this area. You should've... I mean, just to be safe. Marion Crane: I didn't intend to sleep all night! I just pulled over. Have I broken any laws? Highway Patrol officer: No, ma'am. Marion Crane: Then I'm free to go? Highway Patrol officer: Is anything wrong? Marion Crane: Of course not. Am I acting as if there's something wrong? Highway Patrol officer: Frankly, yes. Marion Crane: Please... I'd like to go. Highway Patrol officer: Well, is there? Marion Crane: Is there what? I've told you there's nothing wrong, except that I'm in a hurry and you're taking up my time. [starts car engine] Highway Patrol officer: Now, just a moment! Turn off your motor, please. May I see your license? Marion Crane: Why? Highway Patrol officer: Please.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: People always mean well. They cluck their thick tongues and shake their heads and suggest oh, so very delicately...

§Psycho ¤ California Charlie: I'm in no mood for trouble. Marion Crane: What? California Charlie: There's an old saying, "First customer of the day is always the trouble!" But like I say, I'm in no mood for it, so I'm gonna treat you so fair and square that you won't have one human reason to give me... Marion Crane: Can I trade my car in and take another? California Charlie: Do anything you've a mind to. Bein' a woman, you will. That yours? Marion Crane: Yes, it's just that - there's nothing wrong with it. I just... California Charlie: Sick of the sight of it! Well, why don't you have a look around here and see if there's somethin' that strikes your eyes, and meanwhile I'll have my mechanic give yours the once over. You want some coffee? I was just about... Marion Crane: No, thank you. I'm in a hurry. I just want to make a change, and... California Charlie: One thing people never oughtta be when they're buyin' used cars, and that's in a hurry. But like I said, it's too nice a day to argue. I'll uh - shoot your car in the garage here.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: [while in drag, screaming] I'm Norma Bates!

§Psycho ¤ Sam Loomis: When I send my ex-wife her alimony, you can lick the stamps. Marion Crane: I'll lick the stamps.

§Psycho ¤ Tom Cassidy: What you need is a weekend in Las Vegas. The playground of the world! Marion Crane: I'm going to spend this weekend in bed.

§Psycho ¤ Marion Crane: You make respectability sound - disrespectful.

§Psycho ¤ Tom Cassidy: You know what I do about - unhappiness? I buy it off. Are - are you unhappy? Marion Crane: Not inordinately.

§Psycho ¤ Milton Arbogast: The last two days I've been to so many motels, my eyes are bleary with neon; but, this is the first place that looks like its hiding from the world.

§Psycho ¤ Norman Bates: The mattress is soft and there're hangers in the closet and stationary with "Bates' Motel" printed on it in case you want to make your friends back home envious. [nervous laughter] Norman Bates: And, the, eh, over there. Marion Crane: The bathroom. Norman Bates: Yeah.

§Gladiator ¤ Commodus: Rise. Rise. [Maximus stands up, clenching an arrow head in his right hand] Commodus: Your fame is well deserved, Spaniard. I don't think there's ever been a gladiator to match you. As for this young man, he insists you are Hector reborn. Or was it Hercules? Why doesn't the hero reveal himself and tell us all your real name? You do have a name. Maximus: My name is Gladiator. [turns away from Commodus] Commodus: How dare you show your back to me! Slave, you will remove your helmet and tell me your name. Maximus: [removes helmet and turns around to face Commodus] My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, commander of the Armies of the North, General of the Felix Legions and loyal servant to the TRUE emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next. [Commodus trembles in disbelief] Quintus: Arms! [Praetorians point their spears at the gladiators while the Colosseum crowd chants for them to live. Commodus shakes his head and motions the crowd for silence. He then raises his fist and reluctantly gives the thumbs-up signal]

§Gladiator ¤ Commodus: The general who became a slave. The slave who became a gladiator. The gladiator who defied an emperor. Striking story! But now, the people want to know how the story ends. Only a famous death will do. And what could be more glorious than to challenge the Emperor himself in the great arena? Maximus: You would fight me? Commodus: Why not? Do you think I am afraid? Maximus: I think you've been afraid all your life.

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: [after swiftly dispatching another gladiator] Are you not entertained? Are you not entertained? Is this not why you are here? Crowd: Spaniard, Spaniard, Spaniard...

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: At my signal, unleash hell.

§Gladiator ¤ [addressing his troops] Maximus: Fratres! [Cavalry addresses Maximus] Maximus: Three weeks from now, I will be harvesting my crops. Imagine where you will be, and it will be so. Hold the line! Stay with me! If you find yourself alone, riding in the green fields with the sun on your face, do not be troubled. For you are in Elysium, and you're already dead! [Cavalry laughs] Maximus: Brothers, what we do in life... echoes in eternity.

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: I knew a man once who said, "Death smiles at us all. All a man can do is smile back." Commodus: I wonder, did your friend smile at his own death? Maximus: You must know. He was your father. Commodus: You loved my father, I know. But so did I. That makes us brothers, doesn't it? Smile for me now, brother. [stabs him]

§Gladiator ¤ Lucilla: Today I saw a slave become more powerful than the Emperor of Rome.

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: Strength and honor.

§Gladiator ¤ Marcus Aurelius: Are you ready to do your duty for Rome? Commodus: Yes, father. Marcus Aurelius: You will not be emperor. Commodus: Which wiser, older man is to take my place? Marcus Aurelius: My powers will pass to Maximus, to hold in trust until the Senate is ready to rule once more. Rome is to be a republic again. Commodus: Maximus? Marcus Aurelius: Yes. [Marcus Aurelius tries to comfort Commodus by reaching out his hand to touch him on the face but Commodus pulls his head away from Marcus Aurelius' hand in disgust] Marcus Aurelius: My decision disappoints you? Commodus: You wrote to me once, listing the four chief virtues: Wisdom, justice, fortitude and temperance. As I read the list, I knew I had none of them. But I have other virtues, father. Ambition. That can be a virtue when it drives us to excel. Resourcefulness, courage, perhaps not on the battlefield, but... there are many forms of courage. Devotion, to my family and to you. But none of my virtues were on your list. Even then it was as if you didn't want me for your son. Marcus Aurelius: Oh, Commodus. You go too far. Commodus: I search the faces of the gods... for ways to please you, to make you proud. One kind word, one full hug... where you pressed me to your chest and held me tight. Would have been like the sun on my heart for a thousand years. What is it in me that you hate so much? Marcus Aurelius: Shh, Commodus. Commodus: All I've ever wanted was to live up to you, Caesar. Father. Marcus Aurelius: [Marcus Aurelius gets down on his knees] Commodus. Your faults as a son is my failure as a father. [Marcus opens up his arms to Commodus and gives him a hug] Commodus: [Commodus hugs Marcus and cries] Father. I would have butcher the whole world... if you would only love me! [Commodus begins to asphyxiate Marcus while they hug, Marcus grunts]

§Gladiator ¤ Quintus: People should know when they are conquered. Maximus: Would you, Quintus? Would I?

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: Nothing happens to anyone that he is not fitted by nature to bear

§Gladiator ¤ Commodus: Have I missed it? Have I missed the battle? Marcus Aurelius: You have missed the war. Commodus: Father, congratulations. I shall sacrifice a hundred bulls to honor your triumph. Marcus Aurelius: Save the bulls. Honor Maximus. He won the battle.

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: Five thousand of my men are out there in the freezing mud. Three thousand of them are bloodied and cleaved. Two thousand will never leave this place. I will not believe that they fought and died for nothing. Marcus Aurelius: And what would you believe? Maximus: They fought for you and for Rome. Marcus Aurelius: And what is Rome, Maximus? Maximus: I've seen much of the rest of the world. It is brutal and cruel and dark, Rome is the light. Marcus Aurelius: Yet you have never been there. You have not seen what it has become. I am dying, Maximus. When a man sees his end... he wants to know there was some purpose to his life. How will the world speak my name in years to come? Will I be known as the philosopher? The warrior? The tyrant...? Or will I be the emperor who gave Rome back her true self? There was once a dream that was Rome. You could only whisper it. Anything more than a whisper and it would vanish... it was so fragile. And I fear that it will not survive the winter.

§Gladiator ¤ [last lines] Juba: And now we are Free. I will see you again... but not yet... Not yet!

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: You don't find it hard to do your duty? Cicero: Sometimes I do what I want to do. The rest of the time, I do what I have to.

§Gladiator ¤ Marcus Aurelius: Won't you accept this great honor that I have offered you? Maximus: With all my heart, no. Marcus Aurelius: Maximus, that is why it must be you.

§Gladiator ¤ Marcus Aurelius: When was the last time you were home? Maximus: Two years, two hundred and sixty-four days and this morning.

§Gladiator ¤ [as an executioner tries to draw his sword but can't] Maximus: The frost, it sometimes makes the blade stick. [kills the executioner]

§Gladiator ¤ Proximo: Those giraffes you sold me, they won't mate. They just walk around, eating, and not mating. You sold me... queer giraffes. I want my money back.

§Gladiator ¤ Commodus: If you're very good, tomorrow night I'll tell you the story of emperor Claudius who was betrayed by those closest to him, by his own blood. They whispered in dark corners and went out late at night and conspired and conspired but the emperor Claudius knew they were up to something. He knew they were busy little bees. And one night he sat down with one of them and he looked at her and he said, "Tell me what you've been doing busy little bee or I shall strike down those dearest to you. You shall watch as I bathe in their blood." And the emperor was heartbroken. The little bee had wounded him more deeply than anyone else could ever have done. And what do you think happened then, Lucius? Lucius Verus: I don't know, uncle. Commodus: The little bee told him everything.

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: Are you in danger of becoming a good man, Proximo? Proximo: Ha!

§Gladiator ¤ Gracchus: Fear and wonder, a powerful combination. Falco: You really think people are going to be seduced by that? Gracchus: I think he knows what Rome is. Rome is the mob. Conjure magic for them and they'll be distracted. Take away their freedom and still they'll roar. The beating heart of Rome is not the marble of the senate, it's the sand of the coliseum. He'll bring them death - and they will love him for it.

§Gladiator ¤ [Maximus looks at images of his wife and son] Juba: Can they hear you? Maximus: Who? Juba: Your family. In the afterlife. Maximus: Oh yes. Juba: What do you say to them? Maximus: To my son - I tell him I will see him again soon. To keep his heels down while riding his horse. To my wife... that is not your business.

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: Ancestors, I ask you for your guidance. Blessed mother, come to me with the Gods' desire for my future. Blessed father, watch over my wife and son with a ready sword. Whisper to them that I live only to hold them again, for all else is dust and air. Ancestors, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity that you have taught me.

§Gladiator ¤ Juba: You have a great name. He must kill your name before he kills you.

§Gladiator ¤ Commodus: [to Falco] Lucius will stay with me now. And if his mother so much as looks at me in a manner that displeases me, he will die. If she decides to be noble and takes her own life, he will die. [to Lucilla] Commodus: And as for you, you will love me as I loved you. You will provide me with an heir of pure blood, so that Commodus and his progeny will rule for a thousand years. Am I not merciful? [Lucilla turns her head] Commodus: AM I NOT MERCIFUL!

§Gladiator ¤ [Watching Lucius sleep] Commodus: He sleeps so well because he is loved.

§Gladiator ¤ Marcus Aurelius: Let us pretend that you are a loving daughter, and I am a good father. Lucilla: This is a pleasant fiction, is it not?

§Gladiator ¤ Proximo: Listen to me. Learn from me. I was not the best because I killed quickly. I was the best because the crowd loved me. Win the crowd and you will win your freedom.

§Gladiator ¤ Commodus: I think I understand my own people. Gracchus: Then perhaps Caesar will be so good as to teach us, out of his own extensive experience? Commodus: I call it love, Gracchus. The people are my children, I am their father. I shall hold them to my bosom and embrace them tightly... Gracchus: Have you ever embraced someone dying of plague, sire? Commodus: No, but if you interrupt me again, I assure you that you will.

§Gladiator ¤ On Screen Text: [first lines, the text that appears on screen] At the height of its power the Roman Empire was vast, stretching from the deserts of Africa to the borders of Northern England. On Screen Text: Over one quarter of the World's population lived and died under the rule of the Caesars. On Screen Text: In the winter of 180 A.D., Emperor Marcus Aurelius' twelve-year campaign against the Barbarian Tribes in Germania was drawing to an end. On Screen Text: Just one final stronghold stands in the way of Roman victory and the promise of peace throughout the Empire.

§Gladiator ¤ [His only line] Tigris: We who are about to die, salute you!

§Gladiator ¤ Proximo: He knows too well how to manipulate the mob. Maximus: Marcus Aurelius had a dream that was Rome, Proximo. That is not it. That is not it! Proximo: Marcus Aurelius is dead, Maximus. We mortals are but shadows and dust. Shadows and dust, Maximus!

§Gladiator ¤ Gracchus: And after your glorious coup, what then? You take your five thousand and... leave? Maximus: Yes, I will leave. The soldiers will stay here for your protection, under the guidance of the Senate. Gracchus: So, after Rome's all yours, you just give it back to the people. Tell me why. Maximus: Because that was a dying man's last wish. I will kill Commodus. The fate of Rome, I leave to you. Gracchus: Marcus Aurelius trusted you. His daughter trusts you. I will trust you. Give me two days, and I will purchase your freedom. And you, stay alive, or I'll be dead.

§Gladiator ¤ Marcus Aurelius: [to his daughter Lucilla] If only you had been born a man, what a Caesar you would have made.

§Gladiator ¤ Commodus: What am I going to do with you? You simply won't... die. Are we so different, you and I? You take life when you have to... as I do. Maximus: I have only one more life to take. Then it is done. Commodus: Then take it now. [Maximus pauses, then turns around and walks away] Commodus: They tell me your son... [Maximus stops] Commodus: ...squealed like a girl when they nailed him to the cross. And your wife... moaned like a whore when they ravaged her again and again... and again. Maximus: The time for honoring yourself will soon be at an end. [Bows head] Maximus: Highness.

§Gladiator ¤ [after the final duel] Maximus: Quintus! Release my men. Senator Gracchus is to be reinstated. There was a dream that was Rome. It shall be realized. These are the wishes of Marcus Aurelius.

§Gladiator ¤ Proximo: Congratulations, you have very persuasive friends. Lucilla: My brother's had Gracchus arrested. We daren't wait any longer. We must leave tonight. Proximo will be here t midnight and take you to the gate. Your servant, Cicero will be waiting there with horses. [Maximus nods] Maximus: You have done all this? Lucilla: Yes. Maximus: [sighs] You risk too much. Lucilla: I have much to pay for. [Maximus shakes his head] Maximus: You have nothing to pay for. You love your son, you are strong for him. Lucilla: I am tired of being strong.(sighs) My brother hates all the world and you most of all. Maximus: Because your father chose me. Lucilla: No because my father loved you... and because I loved you. Maximus: A long time ago. [kisses her hand] Lucilla: [smiles] Was I very different then? Maximus: (shakes his head, touches her face with his finger) You laughed more. Lucilla: I have felt alone all my life, except with you. I must go. Maximus: Yes. [kisses Lucilla one last time]

§Gladiator ¤ Gracchus: I don't pretend to be a man of the people. But I do try to be a man for the people.

§Gladiator ¤ Lucilla: Is Rome worth one good man's life? We believed it once. Make us believe it again. He was a soldier of Rome. Honor him. Gracchus: Who will help me carry him? [Gladiators surround Maximus to carry him out of the arena]

§Gladiator ¤ [just before he is stabbed by the guards] Proximo: Shadows and dust.

§Gladiator ¤ Proximo: Ultimately, we're all dead men. Sadly, we cannot choose how but, what we can decide is how we meet that end, in order that we are remembered, as men.

§Gladiator ¤ Lucilla: What did my father want with you? Maximus: To wish me well before I leave for home. Lucilla: You're lying, I could always tell when you were lying because you were never any good at it. Maximus: I never acquired your comfort with it. Lucilla: True, but then you never had to, life is more simple for a soldier. Or do you think me heartless? Maximus: I think you have a talent for survival.

§Gladiator ¤ Gracchus: The beating heart of Rome is not the marble of the Senate, it's the sand of the Colosseum. He'll bring them death and they will love him for it.

§Gladiator ¤ [during the fight with Maximus, Commodus loses his sword] Commodus: Quintus, sword! [Quintus does nothing] Commodus: Give me your sword! [Quintus does nothing] Commodus: [to his guards] Sword, give me a sword! [the guards unsheathe their swords] Quintus: Sheathe your swords! Sheathe your swords! [the guards sheathe their swords]

§Gladiator ¤ Maximus: [laughing] You knew Marcus Aurelius? Proximo: [very quickly and defensively] I didn't say I knew him, I said he touched me on the shoulder once!

§Gladiator ¤ [Lucilla tries to convince Maximus to conspire with Senator Gracchus] Lucilla: This man wants what you want. Maximus: Then have *him* kill Commodus!

§Gladiator ¤ [Inspecting the gladiators through the bars, Lucius notices Maximus and motions him closer. Amused, Maximus complies] Lucius Verus: Gladiator, are you the one they call the Spaniard? Maximus: Yes. Lucius Verus: They said you were a giant. They said you could crush a man's skull with one hand. Maximus: [looks at his palm] A man's? No. A boy's... [Lucius smiles, and points to the art on Maximus' armor] Lucius Verus: They have good horses in Spain? Maximus: Some of the best. [points] Maximus: This is Argento, and this is Scarto. They were my horses. They were taken from me. Lucius Verus: I like you Spaniard, and I shall cheer for you. Maximus: They let you watch the games? Lucius Verus: My uncle says it makes me strong. Maximus: And what does your father say? Lucius Verus: My father's dead. Lucius' Attendant: Master Lucius, it is time. Lucius Verus: I have to go. Maximus: Thy name is Lucius? Lucius Verus: Lucius Verus, after my father.

§Gladiator ¤ Proximo: [addressing his new recruits] I am Proximo! I shall be closer to you for the next few days, which will be the last of your miserable lives, than that bitch of a mother who first brought you screaming into this world! I did not pay good money for your company. I paid it so that I might profit from your death. And just as your mother was there at your beginning, I shall be there at your end. And when you die - and die you shall - your transition will be to the sound of... [claps his hands] Proximo: Gladiators... I salute you.

§Gladiator ¤ [Looking at some slaves] Proximo: Can any of them fight? I've got a match coming up. Slave Trader: Some are good for fighting, others for dying. You need both, I think.

§The Lion King ¤ Adult Simba: I know what I have to do, but going back means I'll have to face my past. I've been running from it for so long. [Rafiki hits Simba on the head with his stick] Adult Simba: Ow! Jeez! What was that for? Rafiki: It doesn't matter. It's in the past. [laughs] Adult Simba: Yeah, but it still hurts. Rafiki: Oh yes, the past can hurt. But from the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it. [swings his stick again at Simba, who ducks out of the way] Rafiki: Ha. You see? So what are you going to do? Adult Simba: First, I'm gonna take your stick. [Simba snatches Rafiki's stick and throws it and Rafiki runs to grab it] Rafiki: No, no, no, no! Not the stick! Hey! Where are you going? Adult Simba: I'm going back! Rafiki: Good! Go on! Get out of here! [Rafiki begins laughing and screeching loudly]

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: I'm surrounded by idiots.

§The Lion King ¤ Pumbaa: Timon? Timon: Yeah? Pumbaa: Ever wonder what those sparkly dots are up there? Timon: Pumbaa, I don't wonder, I know. Pumbaa: Oh. What are they? Timon: They're fireflies. Fireflies that got stuck up on that big bluish-black thing. Pumbaa: Oh, gee. I always thought they were balls of gas burning billions of miles away. Timon: Pumbaa, with you, everything's gas.

§The Lion King ¤ Mufasa: Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance. As king, you need to understand that balance and respect all the creatures, from the crawling ant to the leaping antelope. Young Simba: But, Dad, don't we eat the antelope? Mufasa: Yes, Simba, but let me explain. When we die, our bodies become the grass, and the antelope eat the grass. And so we are all connected in the great Circle of Life.

§The Lion King ¤ Rafiki: Look down there. [Slowly Simba walks to the edge of the watering hole and peers inside. His reflection stares back at him] Adult Simba: That's not my father. That's just my reflection. Rafiki: No. Look harder. [Rafiki touches the water which causes waves that change Simba's reflection into Mufasa] Rafiki: You see? He lives in you. Mufasa's Ghost: [From above] Simba. Adult Simba: Father? Mufasa's Ghost: [He appears in the sky as a group of stars] Simba, you have forgotten me. Adult Simba: No. How could I? Mufasa's Ghost: You have forgotten who you are, and so have forgotten me. Look inside yourself, Simba. You are more than what you have become. You must take your place in the circle of life. Adult Simba: How can I go back? I'm not who I used to be. Mufasa's Ghost: [Now fully formed in the sky] Remember who you are. You are my son and the one true king. Remember who you are. Adult Simba: [Mufasa's ghost begins to disappear] No! Please, don't leave me! Mufasa's Ghost: Remember. Adult Simba: Father! Mufasa's Ghost: Remember! Adult Simba: Don't leave me. Mufasa's Ghost: Remember.

§The Lion King ¤ Young Simba: Hakuna Matata? Pumbaa: Yeah. It's our motto. Timon: What's a motto? Timon: Nothing. What's a motto with you? [laughs]

§The Lion King ¤ Rafiki: Asante sana Squash banana, Wiwi nugu Mi mi apana. Adult Simba: Come on, will you cut it out? Rafiki: Can't cut it out. It will grow right back. Hehehe. Adult Simba: Creepy little monkey. Would you stop following me! Who are you? Rafiki: The question is, who... are you? Adult Simba: [sighs] I thought I knew, but now I'm not so sure. Rafiki: Well, I know who you are! Shh. Come here, it's a secret. [Whispers, then grows louder] Rafiki: Asante sana Squash banana, Wiwi nugu Mi mi apana! Adult Simba: Enough already! What's that supposed to mean, anyway? Rafiki: It means you're a baboon... and I'm not. Adult Simba: I think you're a little confused. Rafiki: Wrong! I'm not the one who's confused. You don't even know who you are! Adult Simba: Oh, and I suppose you know? Rafiki: Sure do. You're Mufasa's boy! [Simba turns around to look at him, shocked] Rafiki: Bye!

§The Lion King ¤ Young Simba: Dad? Mufasa: Hmm? Young Simba: We're pals, right? Mufasa: Right. Young Simba: And we'll always be together, right? Mufasa: Simba, let me tell you something my father told me. Look at the stars. The great kings of the past look down on us from those stars. Young Simba: Really? Mufasa: Yes. So whenever you feel alone, just remember that those kings will always be there to guide you. And so will I.

§The Lion King ¤ Timon: What do you want me to do, dress in drag and do the hula?

§The Lion King ¤ Young Simba: Hey, Uncle Scar! Guess what? Scar: I despise guessing games. Young Simba: I'm gonna be King of Pride Rock. Scar: Oh, goody! Young Simba: My dad just showed me the whole kingdom, and I'm gonna rule it all! [laughs] Scar: Yes. Well, forgive me for not leaping for joy. Bad back, you know. [flops on his side] Young Simba: Hey, Uncle Scar. When I'm king, what'll that make you? Scar: A monkey's uncle. Young Simba: [laughs] You're so weird. Scar: You have no idea.

§The Lion King ¤ Zazu: [singing] Nobody knows the trouble I've seen. / Nobody knows my sorrow. Scar: Oh, Zazu, do lighten up. Sing something with a little bounce in it. Zazu: [singing] It's a small world after all Scar: No, no! Anything but that! Zazu: [singing] I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts. / Dee-dee-dee-dee, / There they a-standing in a row. Zazu, Scar: [Scar joins in] Big ones, small ones, some as big as your head Zazu: [whispering] I would never have had to do this with Mufasa.

§The Lion King ¤ Banzai: [In the hyenas' lair, Banzai slouches with claw marks on his rear] Man, that lousy Mufasa... I won't be able to sit for a *week!* Ed the Hyena: [laughs, but also tries his best to conceal it from time to time] Eh-hee-hee-hee. Heh-heheheheheheheheheh... Banzai: [Glares at Ed and bares his teeth with impatience] It's not funny, Ed. Ed the Hyena: [Cups his paws over his mouth then bursts into hysterical laughter, spitting as his tongue lofts out of his mouth] BA-HA-HA-HAAAA! HA-AH-AH-AH-AH! [Inhales deeply] Banzai: Hey, shut up! Ed the Hyena: AH-HA-HO! HO-HO-HO-HO! Banzai: [Bares his teeth] Grrrrrr... [as Ed continues to laugh, Banzai barks and pounces on Ed, abruptly ending his laughing. The two commence a brief fight] Shenzi: [Rolls her eyes and turns to the two yelping and rolling atop each other aggressively] Will you knock it off? Banzai: [ed appears to be chewing on Banzai's leg; Banzai sits up] Well, he started it! [It is now obvious that Ed is chewing his own leg repeatedly] Shenzi: Look at you guys! No wonder we're dangling at the bottom of the food chain! Banzai: [a string of drool dangles from his chin] Man, I hate dangling... Shenzi: [Scoffs] Yeah? You know, if it weren't for those lions, we'd be *runnin'* the joint. [Ed nods idiotically] Banzai: Man, I *hate* lions! Shenzi: [Grumbles] So pushy... Banzai: And hairy... Shenzi: [Smiles] Stinky... Banzai: [Grins] And man are they... Banzai, Shenzi: [Elongated use of the 'u'] U-GLY! [both laugh hysterically]

§The Lion King ¤ Zazu: Checking in with the morning report. Mufasa: Fire away. Zazu: Well the buzz from the bees is that the leopards are in a bit of a spot. And the baboons are going ape over this. Of course, the giraffes are acting like they're above it all... The tick birds are pecking on the elephants. I told the elephants to forget it, but they can't. The cheetahs are hard up, but I always say, cheetahs never prosper...

§The Lion King ¤ Timon: Gee, he looks blue. Pumbaa: I'd say brownish-gold. Timon: No, no, no. I mean he's depressed. Pumbaa: Oh.

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: [after forcing Simba to the edge of a cliff while a fire burns below] Now this looks familiar. Where have I seen this before? Hm, let me think. Oh, yes, I remember! This is just the way your father looked before he died. [He claws Simba's paws the same way he did to Mufasa] Scar: And here's 'my' little secret... [whispering] Scar: I killed Mufasa! Young Simba: [In a flashback] Nooooo! Adult Simba: [leaps back up and pounces on him] Nooo! Murderer!

§The Lion King ¤ Adult Simba: Man, I'm stuffed. Pumbaa: Me, too. I ate like a pig. Adult Simba: Pumbaa, you *are* a pig.

§The Lion King ¤ [Timon and Zazu are cornered by hyenas] Timon: Please don't eat me. Pumbaa: Drop 'em! Banzai: Hey, who's the pig? Pumbaa: Are you talkin' to me? Timon: Uh-oh. He called him a pig. Pumbaa: Are you talkin' to me? Timon: Shouldn't have done that. Pumbaa: Are you talkin' to me? Timon: Now they're in for it. Pumbaa: They call me Mr. Pig! [screams as he charges towards the hyenas]

§The Lion King ¤ Mufasa: Don't turn your back on me, Scar. Scar: Oh, no, Mufasa. Perhaps you shouldn't turn your back on me. Mufasa: [growls, runs to stand before him] Is that a challenge? Scar: Temper, temper. I wouldn't dream of challenging you. Zazu: Pity. Why not? Scar: Well, as far as brains go, I got the lion's share. But, when it comes to brute strength, I'm afraid I'm at the shallow end of the gene pool.

§The Lion King ¤ Pumbaa: [to Young Simba] You know, kid, in times like this my buddy Timon here says: you got to put your behind in your past. Timon: No, no, no. Amateur. Lie down before you hurt yourself. It's "You got to put your past behind you."

§The Lion King ¤ Sarabi: Your son is awake. Mufasa: Before sunrise, he's your son.

§The Lion King ¤ [first lines] Scar: [Scar catches a mouse] Life's not fair, is it? You see, I... well, I shall never be king. And you... shall never see the light of another day. Hmm-hmm-hmm, adieu. Zazu: Didn't your mother ever tell you not to play with your food?

§The Lion King ¤ Adult Simba: Listen, you think you can just show up and tell me how to live my life? You don't even know what I've been through! Nala: I would if you just tell me! Adult Simba: Forget it! Nala: Fine!

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: [bellowing] Sarabiiiii! [echoes and reechoes; we soon see Sarabi walking through the pack of hyenas, trying to snap at her; Simba looks on as Sarabi approaches] Sarabi: Yes, Scar? Scar: Where is your hunting party? They're not doing their job. Sarabi: Scar, there is no food. The herds have moved on. Scar: No! You're just not looking hard enough. Sarabi: It's over. There is nothing left. We have only one choice. We *must* leave Pride Rock. Scar: We're not going anywhere! Sarabi: Then you have sentenced us to death! Scar: Then so be it! Sarabi: You can't do that! Scar: I'm the king! I can do whatever I want! Sarabi: If you were half the king Mufasa was, you... Scar: [knocks Sarabi unconscious] I'm *eleven* times the king Mufasa was! [Lightning flashes and illuminates a snarling Simba] Scar: Mufasa! No! You're dead!

§The Lion King ¤ Zazu: Well, as slippery as your mind is, as the King's brother *you* should've been first in line. Scar: [Scar threatens to bite, Zazu retreats toward Mufasa] Well, I was first in line, until the little hairball was born. Mufasa: That hairball is my son. And *your* future king. Scar: Oh, I shall have to practice my curtsy.

§The Lion King ¤ Zazu: [about Scar] There's one in every family, sire. Two in mine, actually, and they always manage to ruin special occasions. Mufasa: What am I going to do with him? Zazu: He'd make a very handsome throw rug. Mufasa: [Surprised] Zazu! Zazu: And just think, whenever he gets dirty, you can take him out and beat him.

§The Lion King ¤ Timon: How do you... [suddenly realizing] Timon: Whoa, whoa! Time out! Let me get this straight. You know her, she knows you. But she wants to eat him, and everybody's okay with this? [jumps up suddenly] Timon: [yells] Did I miss something?

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: Now, you wait here. Your father has a marvelous surprise for you. Young Simba: Oooh, what is it? Scar: If I told you, it wouldn't be a surprise now, would it? Young Simba: If you tell me, I'll still act surprised. Scar: Ho ho ho! You are such a naughty boy. Young Simba: Come on, Uncle Scar. Scar: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is just for you and your daddy. You know, a sort of father-son thing. Well, I'd better go get him. Young Simba: I'll go with you. Scar: No. [regaining composure] Scar: No. Just stay on this rock. You wouldn't want to end up in another mess like you did with the hyenas. Young Simba: You know about that? Scar: Simba, everybody knows about that. Young Simba: Really? Scar: Oh, yes. Lucky Daddy was there to save you, eh? Oh, and just between us, you might want to work on that little roar of yours, hmm? Young Simba: Oh, okay. Hey, Uncle Scar, will I like this surprise? Scar: Simba, it's to die for.

§The Lion King ¤ Young Simba: [Nala's mother, Sarafina is giving Nala a bath] Hey, Nala. Young Nala: Hi, Simba. Young Simba: Come on, I just heard about this great place. Young Nala: Simba, I'm kinda in the middle of a bath. Sarabi: And it's time for yours. [grabs Simba and starts licking him] Young Simba: Mom! Mom, you're messing up my mane! [Sarabi smiles] Young Simba: Ok, ok. I'm clean. Can we go now? Young Nala: So where are we going? It better not be anyplace dumb. Young Simba: No, it's really cool. Sarabi: So where is this really cool place? Young Simba: Oh... around the waterhole. Young Nala: The waterhole? What's so great about the waterhole? Young Simba: [muttering] I'll *show* you when we *get* there. Young Nala: Oh... Mom, can I go with Simba? Sarafina - Nala's Mother: Hmm, what do you think Sarabi? Sarabi: Well... Young Simba, Young Nala: [with forced grins] Please! Sarabi: It's alright with me. Young Simba: Yeah! Young Nala: All right! Sarabi: As long as Zazu goes with you. Young Simba: No, not Zazu!

§The Lion King ¤ Banzai: I thought things were bad under Mufasa. Scar: What did you say? Banzai: I said Muf... [Shenzi elbows him] Banzai: I said ¿que pasa? Scar: Good. Now get out. Banzai: Yeah, but we're still hungry. Scar: Out!

§The Lion King ¤ Shenzi: Well, well, well, Banzai, what have we got here? Banzai: Hmm, I don't know Shenzi uh, what do you think Ed? Ed the Hyena: Oo ehehe, oh hahahaha Banzai: Yeah, just what I was thinking, a trio of trespassers. Zazu: And quite by accident let me assure you... Shenzi: Whoa, whoa, wait wait. I know you, you're Mufasa's little stooge. Zazu: I madame, am the king's majordomo. Banzai: And that would make you...? Young Simba: The future King! Shenzi: Do you know what we do to kings who step out of their kingdom? Young Simba: Puh, you can't do anything to me. Zazu: Uh-uh, technically they can, we are on their land. Young Simba: But Zazu, you told me they are nothing but slobbery, mangy stupid poachers. Zazu: Ix-nay on the upid-stay... Banzai: Who you callin' upid-stay?

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: Ah, so you haven't told them your little secret. Well, Simba, now's your chance to tell them. Tell them who is responsible for Mufasa's death. Adult Simba: [pause] I am. Sarabi: [whispering] It's not true. Tell me it's not true. Adult Simba: It's true. Scar: You see? He admits it! Murderer! Adult Simba: No! It was an accident. Scar: If it weren't for you Mufasa would still be alive. It's your fault he's dead! Do you deny it? Adult Simba: No. Scar: Then, you're guilty. Adult Simba: No, I'm not a murderer!

§The Lion King ¤ Pumbaa: [singing] And I got down-hearted. Timon: How did you feel? Pumbaa: Every time that I... Timon: [clapping Pumbaa's mouth shut] Hey, Pumbaa, not in front of the kids. Pumbaa: [Faces the camera] Oh. Sorry.

§The Lion King ¤ Timon: Let me get this straight. You're the king? And you never told us? Adult Simba: Look, I'm still the same guy. Timon: But with power! Nala: Could you guys excuse us for a few minutes? Timon: Hey, whatever she has to say, she can say in front of us. Right, Simba? Adult Simba: Mm... Maybe you'd better go. Timon: It starts. You think you know a guy... [Timon and Pumbaa leave] Adult Simba: Timon and Pumbaa. You learn to love 'em.

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: Simba, Simba, please. Please have mercy, I beg you. Adult Simba: You don't deserve to live. Scar: But, Simba, I... am... family. It's the hyenas who are the real enemy. It was their fault. It was their idea! Adult Simba: Why should I believe you? Everything you ever told me was a lie. Scar: What are you going to do? You wouldn't kill your *old* uncle...? Adult Simba: No, Scar. I'm not like you. Scar: Oh, Simba, thank you. You are truly noble. I'll make it up to you, I promise. How can I, ah, prove myself to you? Tell me anything, anything. Adult Simba: Run. Run away, Scar. And never return. Scar: Yes. Of course. As you wish, [Scar's words turn into a snarl] Scar: your Majesty! [throws embers in Simba's face] Adult Simba: Aaah!

§The Lion King ¤ Pumbaa: Kid, what's eatin' ya? Timon: Nothing, he's at the top of the food chain! [laughs] Timon: The food chain! [chuckles nervously]

§The Lion King ¤ Timon: Hyenas. I hate hyenas. So what's the plan for getting past those guys? Adult Simba: Live bait. Timon: Good idea. [realizes what he means] Timon: HEY!

§The Lion King ¤ Mufasa: Look, Simba. Everything the light touches is our kingdom. Young Simba: Wow. Mufasa: A king's time as ruler rises and falls like the sun. One day, Simba, the sun will set on my time here and will rise with you as the new king. Young Simba: And this'll all be mine? Mufasa: Everything. Young Simba: Everything the light touches.

§The Lion King ¤ Mufasa: Simba, I'm very disappointed in you. Young Simba: I know. Mufasa: You could have been killed. You deliberately disobeyed me, and what's worse, you put Nala in danger. Young Simba: I was just trying to be brave, like you. Mufasa: I'm only brave when I have to be. Simba, being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble. Young Simba: But you're not scared of anything. Mufasa: I was today. Young Simba: You were? Mufasa: Yes. I thought I might lose you. Young Simba: I guess even kings get scared, huh? Mufasa: Mmm-hmm. Young Simba: But you know what? Mufasa: What? Young Simba: I think those hyenas were even scareder. Mufasa: [laughs] 'Cause nobody messes with your dad. Come here, you. Young Simba: [laughing] No! no! [Mufasa and Simba have a little wrestling match]

§The Lion King ¤ Timon: [of the decimated Pride Rock] We're gonna fight your uncle for this? Adult Simba: Yes, Timon. This is my home. Timon: Talk about your fixer-upper!

§The Lion King ¤ Adult Simba: Tell them the truth. Scar: Truth? But truth is in the eye of the behold... Scar: [Simba chokes him, he whispers] All right. All right. I did it. Adult Simba: So they can hear you. Scar: I killed Mufasa!

§The Lion King ¤ Zazu: What's going on? Mufasa: A pouncing lesson. Zazu: Oh, very good. Pouncing. Pouncing? Oh, no, sire, you can't be serious... [Mufasa signs for "turn around"] Zazu: This is so humiliating.

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: So, your father showed you the whole kingdom, did he? Young Simba: Everything. Scar: He didn't show you what's beyond that rise at the northern border? Young Simba: Well, no. He said I can't go there. Scar: And he's absolutely right. It's far too dangerous. Only the bravest lions go there. Young Simba: Well, I'm brave. What's out there? Scar: I'm sorry, Simba, I just can't tell you. Young Simba: Why not? Scar: Simba, Simba, I'm only looking out for the well-being of my favorite nephew. Young Simba: Yeah, right! I'm your only nephew. Scar: All the more reason for me to be protective. An elephant graveyard is no place for a young prince. Oops! Young Simba: An elephant what? Whoa! Scar: Oh, dear, I've said too much. Well, I suppose you'd have found out sooner or later, you being so clever and all. Just do me one favor. Promise me you'll never visit that dreadful place. Young Simba: No problem. Scar: There's a good lad. You run along now and have fun. And remember, its our little secret.

§The Lion King ¤ Adult Simba: Well... Timon: Yeah? Adult Simba: Somebody once told me that the great kings of the past are up there watching over us. Pumbaa: Really? Timon: You mean a bunch of royal dead guys are watching us? [he and Pumbaa started laughing] Timon: Who told you something like that? Adult Simba: Yeah, yeah. Timon: What mook made that up? Adult Simba: Yeah. Pretty dumb, huh? Timon: You're killing me.

§The Lion King ¤ Zazu: [leading Simba and Nala to the waterhole] Step lively. The sooner we get to the water hole, the sooner we can leave. Young Nala: [whispering to Simba] So, where are we really going? Young Simba: An elephant graveyard. Young Nala: Wow! Young Simba: Shhhh! Zazu. Young Nala: Right. So, how are we gonna ditch the dodo? [Simba starts whispering to her] Zazu: Just look at you two. Little seeds of romance blossoming in the savannah. Your parents will be thrilled, what with your being betrothed and all. Young Simba: Be-what? Zazu: Betrothed. Intended. Affianced. Young Nala: Meaning... Zazu: One day, you two are going to be married. Young Simba: Yuck! Young Nala: Ew. Young Simba: I can't marry her. She's my friend. Young Nala: Yeah, it'd be so weird. Zazu: Well, sorry to bust your bubble, but you two turtledoves have no choice. It's a tradition going back generations. Young Simba: Well, when I'm king, that'll be the first thing to go. Zazu: Not so long as I'm around. Young Simba: Well, in that case, you're fired. Zazu: Nice try, but only the king can do that. Young Nala: Well, he's the future king. Young Simba: Yeah, so you have to do what I tell you. Zazu: Not yet, I don't. And with an attitude like that, I'm afraid you're shaping up to be a pretty pathetic king indeed. Young Simba: Not the way I see it

§The Lion King ¤ Pumbaa: King? Your Majesty. I gravel at your feet. [starts kissing Simba's feet] Adult Simba: Stop it. Timon: It's not gravel, it's grovel.

§The Lion King ¤ Banzai: But we got to finish the job. Shenzi: Well, he's as good as dead out there anyway. And if he comes back, we'll kill him. Banzai: [calling out to Simba] Yeah! You hear that? If you ever come back, we'll kill you!

§The Lion King ¤ Scar: Mufasa's death was a terrible tragedy. But to lose Simba, who had barely begun to live... For me, it is a deep, personal loss. So it is with a heavy heart that I assume the throne. Yet out of the ashes of this tragedy we shall rise to greet the dawning of a new era in which lion and hyena come together in a great and glorious future.

§The Lion King ¤ Timon: So, where you from? Young Simba: Who cares? I can't go back. Timon: Ah, you're an outcast. That's great. So are we.

§The Lion King ¤ Rafiki: What was *that*? [laughs] Rafiki: The weather - Pbbbah! Very peculiar. Don't you think? Adult Simba: Yeah. Looks like the winds are changing. Rafiki: Ahhh. Change is good.

§The Lion King ¤ Nala: What made you come back? Adult Simba: I finally got some sense knocked into me. And I've got the bump to prove it.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: I don't wanna lose you, Leon. Léon: You're not going to lose me. You've given me a taste for life. I wanna be happy. Sleep in a bed, have roots. And you'll never be alone again, Mathilda. Please, go now, baby, go. Calm down, I'll meet you at Tony's in an hour, I love you, now go, go now.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: Is life always this hard, or is it just when you're a kid? Léon: Always like this.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: Leon, I think I'm kinda falling in love with you. [Leon chokes on his milk] Mathilda: It's the first time for me, you know? Léon: [wiping himself off] How do you know it's love if you've never been in love before? Mathilda: 'Cause I feel it. Léon: Where? Mathilda: [stoking her stomach] In my stomach. It's all warm. I always had a knot there and now... it's gone. Léon: Mathilda, I'm glad you don't have a stomach ache any more. I don't think it means anything.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: You need some time to grow up a little. Mathilda: I finished growing up, Léon. I just get older. Léon: For me it's the opposite. I'm old enough. I need time to grow up.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: [referring to his plant] It's my best friend. Always happy. No questions.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: You killed my brother. Stansfield: I'm sorry. And you want to join him? Mathilda: No. Stansfield: It's always the same thing. It's when you start to become really afraid of death that you learn to appreciate life. Do you like life, sweetheart? Mathilda: Yes. Stansfield: That's good, because I take no pleasure in taking life if it's from a person who doesn't care about it.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: Stansfield? Stansfield: At your service. Léon: [handing him something] This is from... Mathilda. Stansfield: [sees that it's a pin for a grenade] Shit.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: [after planting Leon's plant in the school grounds] I think we'll be ok here, Leon.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: Mathilda, don't you ever do that again, or I'll break your head. Got that? Mathilda: Okay Léon: I don't work like that. It's not professional. There is rules. Mathilda: Okay Léon: And stop saying "okay" all the time, Okay? Mathilda: Okay. Léon: Good.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: The rifle is the first weapon you learn how to use, because it lets you keep your distance from the client. The closer you get to being a pro, the closer you can get to the client. The knife, for example, is the last thing you learn.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: Bring me everyone. 3rd Stansfield man: What do you mean "everyone"? Stansfield: EVERYONE!

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: I like these quiet little moments before the storm. It reminds me of Beethoven.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: [Mathilda, crying about her brother's murder and her stepmother] I was more of a mother to him than that goddamn pig ever was! Léon: Hey, don't talk like that about pigs. They're usually much nicer than people. Mathilda: But they smell like shit. Léon: Not true. As a matter of fact, right now I have one in my kitchen that's very clean and smells very nice. Mathilda: You don't have a pig in your kitchen. Léon: Yes, I do. Mathilda: I was just in there and I didn't see any goddamned pig. Léon: Don't move. I'll get him. [Léon goes into the kitchen] Léon: Piggy? Piggy? Where are you? Léon: [oinking noises are heard in the kitchen] Oink, oink! Ah, there you are. Léon: [more oinking, then a cartoon pig pot holder sticks its 'head' around the corner] Hi, Mathilda. Mathilda: [she smiles] Hi, piggy.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: I don't give a shit about sleeping, Leon. I want love, or death. That's it.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: Sleep well? Léon: I never really sleep well. Got one eye open, always. Mathilda: Yeah, I forgot. You know, I never saw someone with one eye open snore so much.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: How old were you when you made your first hit? Léon: Nineteen. Mathilda: Beat you!

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: I haven't got time for this Mickey Mouse bullshit.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: I hope you're not lying Leon. I really hope that deep down there's no love in you. And if there is, I think in a few minutes you'll regret you never said anything. I love you Leon.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Fatman: Somebody's coming up. Somebody serious.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: You don't like Beethoven. You don't know what you're missing. Overtures like that get my... juices flowing. So powerful. But after his openings, to be honest, he does tend to get a little fucking boring. That's why I stopped! [laughs and sighs] Stansfield: Toss the apartment.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: I like these calm little moments before the storm. It reminds me of Beethoven. Can you hear it? It's like when you put your head to the grass and you can hear the growin' and you can hear the insects. Do you like Beethoven? Malky: I couldn't really say.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: I am writing here the name of a girl in the class who makes me sick. If things get hot, she'll take the heat.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: Leon, what exactly do you do for a living? Léon: Cleaner. Mathilda: You mean you're a hit man? Léon: [reluctantly] Yeah. Mathilda: Cool.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: Death is... whimsical... today.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: [catching Mathilda in the bathroom with food bags] Special delivery huh... Let me guess... Chinese? Thai, maybe? Ahh, I've got it. Italian food [pops a pill and pulls out a gun] Stansfield: What's your name angel... [Mathilda answers] Stansfield: ... Mathilda, I want you to put the sack on the floor... good... Now, I want you to tell me everything you know about Italian food, and don't forget the name of the chef who fixed it for me. Mathilda: Nobody sent me.I do business for myself. Stansfield: Ahh... so this is... something... personal?... What filthy peice of... shit... did I do now? Mathilda: You killed my brother.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Orphanage Headmistress: Now tell me what happened to you. Mathilda: OK. My family they got shot down by D.E.A. officers because of a drug problem. I left with the greatest guy on earth. He was a hitman, the best in town, but he died this morning. And if you don't help me, I'll be dead by tonight.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: You're a Mozart fan. I love him too. I looooove Mozart! He was Austrian you know? But for this kind of work, [imitates playing the piano] Stansfield: he's a little bit light. So I tend to go for the heavier guys. Check out Brahms. He's good too.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: Sorry about your father. Mathilda: If somebody didn't do it one day or another, I probably would have done it myself.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ [to receptionist after being asked about her father (Leon)] Mathilda: He's not my father. He's my lover.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: Tony... All the money I make, that you keep for me... Tony: You need some money? Léon: No, just curious... Because, I've been working a long time... And I havent done anything with my... I thought maybe someday I could [uncomfortable] Léon: use it. Tony: [Figuring him out] You met a woman.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: [after the building explodes] Hey, what the fuck is going on up there? I said take the guy out, not the whole fucking building!

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: Do you "clean" anyone? Léon: No women, no kids, that's the rules. Mathilda: How much would it cost to hire someone to get those dirtbags who killed my brother? Léon: Five grand a head. Mathilda: Wow. How about this: I work for you; in exchange, you teach me how to clean. Hmmm? What do you think? I'll clean your place, I'll do the shopping, I'll even wash your clothes. Is it a deal?

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: There was someone a long time ago. Before I came to the States. Her father didn't want her to see me. She was from a very respectable family. Mine was, you know, not so respectable. Her dad went nuts every time she'd take off to see me. Mathilda: But she still snuck off to see you, right? Léon: Right. Mathilda: You see, nothing can stop love, Léon.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: Can we try with real bullets now?

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: He killed her. One shot to the head. They kept him in jail for two days. They let him go free. They said it was an accident. So, one night I waited for him. 500 feet with a lens. He also had an accident.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: When it's tough like this, you know it's gonna be ugly. Better make it quick, or else you will be here all day listening to his crap.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: I have a lot of respect for your business, Tony. When you've killed for us in the past we've always been satisfied. And that's exactly why today is going to be very, very hard for me. I hope you'll excuse my mood. [Shows a crime scene photo] Stansfield: My man was killed, right here, on your turf. And the chinks tell me that the hit man was kind of the... Italian type. So we figured that, uh, Tony might know something. [Tony motions to speak] Stansfield: Wait - there's more. You're gonna love this. A few hours later, a little twelve-year-old girl comes to my office armed to the teeth, with the firm intention of sending me straight to the morgue. And do you know who came and got her in the middle of the afternoon right there in my building? The very... same... Italian hit man. [Beat] Stansfield: I'm dying to meet him.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: Revenge is not a good thing, it's better to forget. Mathilda: Forget? After I've seen the outline of my brother's body on the floor, you expect me to forget? I wanna kill those sons of bitches, and blow their fucking heads off!

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: [about Russian roulette] If I win, you keep me with you for life. Léon: And if you lose? Mathilda: Go shopping alone, like before.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Tony: Hey, Leon, nothing's gonna happen to you. You're indestructible! Bullets slide off you, you play with 'em.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: [opens rubbing alcohol over drug stash] Léon: What are you doing? Mathilda: You said no women, no kids. Who do you think this is gonna kill, junkies and monkeys?

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Tony: Check it. Make sure it's the right thing. Léon: I trust you. Tony: One thing has nothin' to do with the other - remember that Léon. Léon: I will.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: How are we getting out of here now? Léon: Leave it to me. We're checking out.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ 1st Stansfield man: [finds pizza among Matilda's guns] Lunch. 2nd Stansfield man: Careful Blood. Might be poisoned. 1st Stansfield man: No, no anchovies on this.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Old Lady: [investigating the noise] What's happening out there? Malky: All right, ma'am, go away, DEA. Police. Old Lady: Why don't you leave that poor family alone? Malky: [to Stansfield] It's all right, everything's al right. Just calm down. Stansfield: I am calm. [loads his gun, looks at old lady] Stansfield: I'm calm. Old Lady: Why don't you leave them alone? Stansfield: [shoots the window next to her] He said, "Go back inside".

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: There's no doorbell. Léon: So knock on the door.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Stansfield: I take no pleasure in taking a life if it's from a person who doesn't care about it.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Mathilda: I've decided what to do with my life. I wanna be a cleaner. Léon: You wanna be a cleaner? [passes her a gun and bullets] Léon: Here, take it. It's a goodbye gift. Go clean. But not with me. I work alone, understand? Alone. Mathilda: Bonnie and Clyde didn't work alone. Thelma and Louise didn't work alone. And they were the best.

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Léon: I took a hit. I need a hand now. I know she's young, but she learns fast. Kids need to be shaped into something right? Tony: Yeah, I know. I taught you that. But ain't there an age limit? Léon: She's 18. Tony: Oh, really?

§Léon: The Professional ¤ Malky: Hey Stan, Stan! What are doing? He's dead! Stansfield: But he ruined my suit.

§American History X ¤ Bob Sweeney: There was a moment, when I used to blame everything and everyone for all the pain and suffering and vile things that happened to me, that I saw happen to my people. Used to blame everybody. Blamed White people, blamed society, blamed God. I didn't get no answers 'cause I was asking the wrong questions. You have to ask the right questions. Derek Vinyard: Like what? Bob Sweeney: Has anything you've done made your life better?

§American History X ¤ Danny Vinyard: [Narrating his essay] So I guess this is where I tell you what I learned - my conclusion, right? Well, my conclusion is: Hate is baggage. Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it. Derek says it's always good to end a paper with a quote. He says someone else has already said it best. So if you can't top it, steal from them and go out strong. So I picked a guy I thought you'd like. 'We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.'

§American History X ¤ [Derek is leaving prison] Lamont: 'Sup, man? You getting outta here? Well, c'mon man! What the fuck you waiting on? Derek Vinyard: Yeah, you know, I got this funny feeling. Lamont: Oh yeah? What's that? Derek Vinyard: I'm thinking the only reason I'm getting outta here in one piece is you. Lamont: C'mon man! Get the fuck outta here, man! You think I'm gonna put my neck on the line for some crazy-ass peckerwood? Derek Vinyard: Yeah, right. Stupid. [a moment of silence passes and Lamont looks away] Derek Vinyard: That's what I thought. I owe you, man. Lamont: Man, you owe me shit, a'ight? Derek Vinyard: Yes, I do. [Derek offers his hand and Lamont takes it] Derek Vinyard: You'll be outta here in no time. Lamont: C'mon man, it's a piece of cake, a'ight? You just take it easy on the brothers, a'ight? The *brothers*!

§American History X ¤ Cameron: This is stupid. Go cool off, get laid, do something, come back when you're ready to talk. Derek Vinyard: Yeah, but it really doesn't matter if I do, does it? Because you got a whole crop already lined up, you fuckin' chicken hawk! Cameron: Excuse me? Derek Vinyard: You prey on people Cam. I lost three years of my life for your fuckin' phony cause, but I'm onto you now, you fuckin' snake. Cameron: Hey, watch it Derek, be careful. Remember where you are. This isn't some fuckin' country club where you can waltz in and outta here! Derek Vinyard: Shut up! Shut the fuck up! I came here for one reason, to tell you that I'm out. Out! And Danny's out, too. And if you come near my family again, I'm gonna fucking kill you. Cameron: Well excuse me, but fuck you Derek. You can't come in here barking threats at me. Look, you can do whatever you want, but Danny's a good kid. He's not some whiny pussy like you. He needs my help and I'm gonna give it to him. Derek Vinyard: If you come near Danny again, I will feed you your fucking heart, Cameron. Cameron: I won't have to. He'll come to me. I'm more important to him now than you'll ever be.

§American History X ¤ [On Derek's change in prison] Danny Vinyard: I'm sorry, Derek. I'm sorry that happened to you. Derek Vinyard: I'm not. I'm lucky. I feel lucky because it's wrong, Danny. It's wrong and it was eating me up, it was going to kill me. And I kept asking myself all the time, how did I buy into this shit? It was because I was pissed off, and nothing I ever did ever took that feeling away. I killed two guys, Danny, I killed them. And it didn't make me feel any different. It just got me more lost and I'm tired of being pissed off, Danny. I'm just tired of it.

§American History X ¤ Doris Vinyard: [Yelling to Derek through small holes in the Plexiglas, during visiting hours at the prison] You think you're the only one doin' time, Derek? You think you're here all alone? You think I'm not in here with you?

§American History X ¤ [Inside prison laundry] Lamont: [to Derek] Don't fuck with me 'cause I'm the most dangerous man in this prison. You know why? 'Cause I control the underwear. Lamont: [They walk down to the underwear station] All right, pick 'em up over here and you sort 'em over there. I hope you can work out all right because the last guy they sent me didn't wear no drawers, couldn't read the sizes in the drawers, and he used to sniff the drawers. All right, we got two sizes, medium and large, all right? All you got to do is put the mediums with the mediums and the large with the large. All right, I know it's a borin' job, but it's better than that last shit they had me doin'. I spent two years in the kitchen... [He laughs] Lamont: ... scrubbin' hot ass pots and pans that you don't want to do, al right?

§American History X ¤ Reporter: [Rasmussen shows a video of a crying Derek with his mother talking to a reporter after his father's death] Look I know this is tough. But how do you feel right now? Derek Vinyard: How do you think I feel? I think it's typical. Reporter: Typical how? Derek Vinyard: Well, this country is becoming a haven for criminals so what do you expect? You know, decent hard-working Americans like my dad are getting rubbed out by social parasites. Reporter: Parasites? Derek Vinyard: Blacks, Browns, Yellow whatever. Reporter: I don't understand you're saying that you think maybe your father's murder was race related? Derek Vinyard: Yeah it's race related! Every problem in this country is race related not just crime. It's like... immigration, AIDS, welfare those are problems in them. The Black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian community, they're not White problems. Reporter: Derek, are those really issues that deal with poverty? Derek Vinyard: No. You know, no. They're not products of the environment either that's crap. Minorities don't give two shits about this country, they've come here to exploit it, not to embrace it. Reporter: What does this... Derek Vinyard: I mean millions of white European Americans came here and flourished you know within a generation so what the fuck is the matter with these people going around shooting a... fireman? [cries] Reporter: What does this have to do with the murder of your father? Derek Vinyard: Because my father was murdered doing his job! Putting out a fire in fucking Nigger neighborhood. He shouldn't be giving a shit about. He got shot by a fucking drug dealer who probably still collects a welfare check!

§American History X ¤ Murray: What are you doing Derek? This is your family. Derek Vinyard: Right, my family. My family so you know what? I don't give two shits about you or anybody else or what you think. You're not a part of it and you never will be. Murray: That has nothing to do with it! Derek Vinyard: Oh it doesn't? You don't think I see what you're trying to do here? You think I'm gonna sit here and smile while some fuckin' kike tries to fuck my mother? It's never gonna happen Murray, fuckin' forget it, not on my watch, not while I'm in this family. I will fuckin' cut your Shylock nose off and stick it up your ass before I let that happen. Coming in here and poisoning my family's dinner with your Jewish, nigger-loving, hippie bullshit. Fuck you! Fuck you! Yeah, walk out, asshole, fuckin' Kabbalah reading motherfucker. Get the fuck out of my house.

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: See this? [Pulls down shirt to reveal a huge swastika tattoo on his chest] Derek Vinyard: That means "Not welcome".

§American History X ¤ Cameron: You made the fat kid a little nervous. He thinks the joint messed with your mind. Derek Vinyard: It did.

§American History X ¤ Doris Vinyard: I'm ashamed that you came out of my body!

§American History X ¤ Danny Vinyard: [writing the beginning of the essay] People look at me and see my brother.

§American History X ¤ Lamont: [From workprint director's cut] Nah nah nah, you were a little more harder then that. you uh, probably robbed some old lady huh? Nah, you probably fucked your sister huh? Derek Vinyard: Kay, how about this? How about I killed two fucking niggers who tried to jack my car? If I had my way, I wouldn't spend five minutes next to your fucking nigger ass. I'm going to see you folding clothes and dreaming about what I would do to you if I found you on the street at night. Just fold your fucking underwear, keep your mouth shut and we'll pass the time fine. Lamont: [laughs] Bad ass cracker with an attitude huh?

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: Every night, thousands of these parasites stream across the border like some fuckin' piñata exploded. [the skinheads laugh] Derek Vinyard: Don't laugh! There's nothin' funny goin' on here! [the skinheads immediately quiet down]

§American History X ¤ Seth: Are you calling me a blimp, you fucking democrat! Davina Vinyard: You know, when was the last time you were able to see your feet? [Seth gives Davina the finger]

§American History X ¤ Lamont: [When Derek doesn't respond to his question, he laughs] Okay, I know your kind, right? Bad ass peckerwood with an attitude. Well, let me tell you something, man. You better watch your ass 'cause you're in the joint. You the nigger, not me.

§American History X ¤ Lamont: [Lamont holding a white sheet over his head pretending to be a KKK leader] Alright boys, this is what we're gonna do. We gonna hate some niggers. That's what we're gonna do today. We gonna hate some goddamn niggers. That's all we'll do, is hate niggers all day. I don't even know what a nigger is, but you know what? We gonna hate 'em. My cousin Derek is in the Pen right now - working next to a nigger, driving him nigger crazy!

§American History X ¤ Danny Vinyard: [arguing about his "Mein Kampf" paper] Look Sweeney, did you bring me here to talk about Derek? Because what happened to him has nothing to do with me. Bob Sweeney: Everything you do right now has something to do with Derek.

§American History X ¤ Seth: Come in here Danny. Danny Vinyard: Seth... Hey man you going to Cam's party tonight? Seth: Is Davina's ass water tight? Danny Vinyard: You're fuckin sick man. Seth: Alright, relax let me ask you a few questions. Danny Vinyard: I'm not in the mood I got a lot of homework to do. Seth: Tell me some of the shit you've learned fuckass before I pistol whip you! Danny Vinyard: Ok, I believe in death, destruction, chaos, filth, and greed! Seth: Cut the shit Danny come on. Tell me what I wanna hear asshole. Danny Vinyard: You mean that shit about your mother man? Seth: You wanna get fucking beaten Danny? [Davina starts to laugh] Seth: I'm not fucking talking to you Davina why don't you shut up? Seth: Who do you hate Danny? Danny Vinyard: I hate anyone that is a white Protestant. Seth: Why? Danny Vinyard: There a burden to the advancement of the white race. Some of them are alright I guess... Seth: None of them are fucking alright Danny ok? They're all a bunch of fuckin' freeloaders. Remember what Cam said we don't know em we don't wanna know em They're the fucking enemy. Now what don't you like about them and say it with some fucking conviction! Danny Vinyard: I hate the fact that's cool to be black these days. Seth: Good. Danny Vinyard: I hate this hip-pop fuckin' influence on white-fuckin'suburbia. Seth: Good. Danny Vinyard: And I hate Tabitha Soren and all there Zionist MTV fucking pigs telling us we should get along. Save the retorical bullshit Hilary Rodham Clinton cuz it ain't gonna fuckin' work. Seth: That's some of the best shit I've heard come out of your mouth. Davina Vinyard: No Danny I feel sorry for you. You don't really believe any of that shit do you? Seth: Shutup Davina! Davina Vinyard: No you shut the fuck up! Get out of the fuckin' house now you piece of shit please go!

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: Nigger, you just fucked with the wrong bull! You should've learned your lesson on the fuckin' basketball court! But you fuckin' monkey's never get the message. My father gave me that truck motherfucker! You ever shoot at fireman? You come here and shoot at my family? I'm gonna teach you a real lesson now motherfucker. Put your fuckin' mouth on the curb. Lawrence: Come on man... Derek Vinyard: I said put your mouth on the curb! [Lawrence bites onto the curb] Danny Vinyard: Derek, no! Derek Vinyard: That's it! Now say good night. [Derek stomps Lawrence's head into the curb]

§American History X ¤ Bob Sweeney: This racist propaganda, this "Mein Kampf" psychobabble; he learned this nonsense, Murray, and he can unlearn it too. I will not give up on this child yet.

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: Alright listen up, we need to open our eyes. There's over two million illegal immigrants bending down in this state tonight. This state spend three billion dollars last year on services, on people who had no right to be here in the first place. Three billion dollars. 400 million just to lock up a bunch of illegal immigrant criminals who only got in this country because the fucking INS decided it's not worth the effort to screen for convicted felons.

§American History X ¤ Seth: [singing] My eyes have seen the glory of the trampling at the zoo, We've washed ourselves in niggers blood and all the mongrels too, We've taken down the zog machine Jew by Jew by Jew, The white man marches on!

§American History X ¤ Danny Vinyard: [referring to Dr. Sweeney] He's one of those proud to be nigger people, I hate those guys. Cameron: Now wait a minute Danny, he's not proud. No, he's a manipulative, self-righteous Uncle Tom who's trying to make you feel guilty about writing about Adolf Hitler. Yeah, when some nigger or some spick writes about Martin Luther King or fucking Caesar commie Chavez, he gets a pat on the head. You can see the hypocrisy in that, can't you?

§American History X ¤ Curtis: [offscreen, to another skinhead] Hey man, want a toke? Derek Vinyard: Curtis, what are you doing? Weed is for niggers. You put that away right now. Have a little self respect.

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: [Narrating while removing his shirt to reveal his swastika tattoo] All the wrong people knew who I was anyways, so I figured I'm just gonna put up a flag and hope a friend sees it.

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: One in every three black males is in some phase of the correctional system. Is that a coincidence or do these people have, you know, like a racial commitment to crime?

§American History X ¤ Murray: I'm so sorry Doris. I really am. He's gone. Doris Vinyard: He's just a boy. Without a father. Murray: Doris, you don't know the world your children are living in.

§American History X ¤ Bob Sweeney: [arguing with Danny Vinyard about his "Mein Kampf" paper] I think the street would kill you. Your rhetoric and your propaganda aren't gonna save you out there.

§American History X ¤ Danny Vinyard: It's hard to look back and see the truth about people you love.

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: We're so hung up on this notion that we have some obligation to help the struggling black man, you know. Cut him some slack until he can overcome these historical injustices. It's crap. I mean, Christ, Lincoln freed the slaves, like, what? 130 years ago. How long does it take to get your act together?

§American History X ¤ Seth: Who do you hate, Danny? Danny Vinyard: I hate anyone that isn't White Protestant. Seth: Why? Danny Vinyard: They're a burden to the advancement of the White race. Some of them are all right, I guess... Seth: None of 'em are fucking all right, Danny, OK?

§American History X ¤ Murray: Derek, what are you trying to prove?

§American History X ¤ Lamont: In here, you da nigger.

§American History X ¤ Danny Vinyard: [from work print cut, Danny is narrating] Derek wasn't afraid of anything, he showed the rest of us that we didn't have to be afraid of Blacks. It's like training a dog, he said. Don't show any fear and let him know who's the boss. He can bark and growl and show his teeth, let him. It makes him feel good. But deep down inside he knows you own him, and at any moment you can kick his ass just cause you feel like it.

§American History X ¤ Lamont: Yeah, you got a woman, man. Let me give you some advice, all right? When she comes to visit you... whatever you do, no matter what... don't let her leave there in a fight, man. Don't let her walk out with a bad attitude... 'cause if you do, you spend the next week wondering if she's getting her fuck on with somebody else, you know what I'm saying? So when she come to see you, it's nothing but sweet talk. Send her away floating, all right? 'Cause it's not like the real world where you can fight, 'cause you can make up and have that make-up sex. Know what I'm saying? That angry sex. That sex with an attitude. You lay on your back and let her take out that aggression on you. All guys know that, man. That's that good sex. That's that pow, pow, pow. Let her get on top, and she'll punish you first. You been a bad boy, huh? You been a bad boy, and I'm gonna punish you. I'm gonna put it on you. Don't you ever... let... me... catch... you... looking at... another... woman. Yeah, yeah. I may forgive you if you bring it. I think I can. I... l forgive. I forgive. Right there. You're hitting it. My spot. That's it. Right. Yes. I for... l forgive you. I forgive you. l for... l for... I for... l forgive you! I love you! [Lamont and Derek crack up laughing. It cuts to them some time later talking to each other in a very friendly way] Derek Vinyard: How do you figure the Lakers to ever be a bigger dynasty than the Celtics? The Lakers are a flare-up, a fluke. Lamont: Are you crazy? One good coach for four years. Derek Vinyard: The Celtics are a dynasty! Lamont: Come on, man. The Celtics, right? The ugliest team in the history of sports. A dynasty of ugly motherfuckers, man. Look at Kevin McHale. Derek Vinyard: James Worthy? That guy has a head like, like a melon. Lamont: He had ladies. Derek Vinyard: I can't even talk to you. I don't know what you're saying.

§American History X ¤ [Danny walks in on Derek and Stacey having sex] Danny Vinyard: [whispering] Der. Derek. Stacey: [Stacy sees Danny in the room] Jesus, Danny! Fuckin' perv. Derek Vinyard: Jesus, Danny. What the fuck are you thinking? Danny Vinyard: Derek, there's a black guy out there breaking into your car. Derek Vinyard: How many Danny? How many? [Derek quickly pulls on white boxers and black combat boots] Danny Vinyard: One I think. Derek Vinyard: Is he strapped? Danny Vinyard: Huh? Derek Vinyard: Does he have a fucking gun Danny? Danny Vinyard: Man, I don't fucking know! [Derek pulls out a gun from his dresser drawer] Stacey: Oh, my God! Derek, what are you doing? Derek Vinyard: Not right now honey.

§American History X ¤ Murray: He's lost.

§American History X ¤ Huge Aryan: [as Derek is being held against the shower wall by the Huge Aryan's gang] You wanna be a nigger, sweet boy? Derek Vinyard: Fuck you! Huge Aryan: We're gonna treat you like one!

§American History X ¤ Derek Vinyard: [Derek sees the Aryan Mitch doing a drug deal with a Hispanic inmate] What the fuck is that? What's that all about? Huge Aryan: That's just politics, man. Favors, you know? Derek Vinyard: He's doing favors for that fucking spic? Huge Aryan: Mitch has just got a little something extra... on the side with them boys, you know? Derek Vinyard: You're kidding, right? Huge Aryan: No. Derek Vinyard: That's bullshit, man. Somebody should say something to him. What the fuck is he thinking? Huge Aryan: Mitch is the only reason you're not a corpse right now. Remember that. Derek Vinyard: You know what? I don't fucking give a shit. I can take care of myself. He shouldn't be doing that. I'm getting sick of it, man. There's a lot of fucking hard talk around here and not a lot of follow-through. Huge Aryan: [spits on the side] I think you better chill out on the preaching bullshit. We're getting a little tired of that shit around here. Ease up on it.

§The Departed ¤ Dignam: [observing an exchange of microprocessors for money between Costello and Chinese triad members] This is unbelievable. Who put the fuckin' cameras in this place? Police Camera Tech: Who the fuck are you? Dignam: I'm the guy who does his job. You must be the other guy.

§The Departed ¤ Ellerby: [jokingly with Colin] I'm gonna go have a smoke right now. You want a smoke? You don't smoke, do ya, right? What are ya, one of those fitness freaks, huh? Go fuck yourself.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: Who let this IRA motherfucker in my bar? [the man looks startled] Frank Costello: [laughs] Just kidding. How's your mother? Man in Costello's Bar: Oh, she's on her way out. Frank Costello: [walks away] We all are. Act accordingly. [smiles and his straightens tie]

§The Departed ¤ [narrating first lines] Frank Costello: I don't want to be a product of my environment. I want my environment to be a product of me. Years ago we had the church. That was only a way of saying - we had each other. The Knights of Columbus were real head-breakers; true guineas. They took over their piece of the city. Twenty years after an Irishman couldn't get a fucking job, we had the presidency. May he rest in peace. That's what the niggers don't realize. If I got one thing against the black chappies, it's this - no one gives it to you. You have to take it.

§The Departed ¤ Lazio: [during a conference briefing about Costello and his crew] without asking too many questions do you have anyone in with Costello presently? Dignam: Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe fuck yourself.

§The Departed ¤ Madolyn: [after a counseling session] Why is the last patient of the day always the hardest? Billy Costigan: Because you're tired and you don't give a shit. It's not super-natural.

§The Departed ¤ Ellerby: [during a conference briefing about Costello and his crew] Staff Sergeant Dignam is our liaison to the the undercover department, his undercover work is extensive. He's here to give us his report. Sergeant Dignam. Dignam: Ok. My people are out there. They're like fuckin' indians. You're not gonna see 'em you're not gonna hear about 'em except from me or Captain Queenan. You will not ever know the identity of undercover people. Unfortunately, this shithole has more fuckin' leaks than the Iraqi Navy. Ellerby: Fuck yourself. Dignam: I'm tired from fuckin' your wife. Ellerby: How's your mother? Dignam: Good, she's tired from fuckin' my father.

§The Departed ¤ Colin Sullivan: [bloodied and handcuffed, in freight elevator] Just fucking kill me. Just fucking kill me. Billy Costigan: I am killing you.

§The Departed ¤ [upon learning the Police have found Delahunt's body and that he was a cop in Costello's bar] Fitzy: I don't believe it. Mr. French: What can't you believe? Fitzy: I spent all fucking night dragging the poor bastard in there. Tell me how they find him so fast? Somebody walking a fucking dog ? What fucking size a dog is that? Has to be a big fucking dog, man. I spent all night doing it man. [pause, Frank stares at him] Fitzy: I'm embarrassed. I still don't believe he was a cop, I don't believe it. Frank Costello: The COPS... are saying he's a cop... so I won't look for the cop. Are you soft, Fitz? When I tell you... to dump a body in the marsh, you dump him *IN* the marsh. Not where some guy from John Hancock goes every Thursday, TO GET A FUCKING BLOWJOB! [Fitzy laughs, Frank hits him with his cap] Frank Costello: Don't laugh! This ain't Reality TV!

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [to the bartender] Cranberry juice. Man Glassed in Bar: It's a natural diuretic. My girlfriend drinks it when she's got her period. What, do you got your period? [Billy grabs an empty glass and smashes it onto the man's head. Mr. French grabs Billy throws him against the wall. Billy tries to go towards the man again and French holds him against the wall. Billy pushes French's hands away] Billy Costigan: Get your fuckin' hands off me! Mr. French: [calmly] Hey, hey, hey... do you know me? Billy Costigan: No, no. Mr. French: Well, I'm the guy that tells you there are guys you can hit and there's guys you can't. Now, that's not quite a guy you can't hit, but it's almost a guy you can't hit. So I'm gonna make a fuckin' ruling on this right now. You don't fuckin' hit him. You understand? Billy Costigan: Yeah, excellent. Fine, fine, fine. Mr. French: I fucking know you. I know your family. You make one more drug deal with that idiot fucking cop-magnet of a cousin of yours and I'll forget your grandmother was so nice to me. I'll cut your fucking nuts off. You understand that? Billy Costigan: Yeah, yeah, I do. Mr. French: What are you drinkin'? Billy Costigan: [embarrassed] A cranberry juice. Mr. French: What is it, your period? [to the bartender] Mr. French: Get him a... cranberry juice. Mr. French: [to the man] Hey, fuckhead, that's Jackie's nephew. Man Glassed in Bar: Oh. Mr. French: What? "Oh" fuckin' what? [punches the man four times in the face] Mr. French: Get the fuck outta here.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: [to Colin] One of us had to die. With me, it tends to be the other guy.

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [during a counseling session with Madolyn] You sit there with a mass murderer. A mass murderer. Your heart rate is jacked, and your hand... steady. That's one thing I figured out about myself in prison. My hand does not shake... ever.

§The Departed ¤ Oliver Queenan: [during Costigan's interview] Do you know what we do here? My section? Billy Costigan: Sir, yes, sir. I have an idea... Dignam: [interrupting] Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's say you have no idea and leave it at that, okay? No idea. Zip. None. If you had an idea of what we do, we would not be good at what we do, now would we? We would be cunts. Are you calling us cunts? Oliver Queenan: Staff Sergeant Dignam has a style of his own. I'm afraid we all have to get used to it.

§The Departed ¤ Dignam: [during a conference briefing about Costello and his crew] My theory on Feds is that they're like mushrooms, feed 'em shit and keep 'em in the dark. You girls have a good day.

§The Departed ¤ Dignam: [during Costigan's interview] Your fuckin' family's dug into the Southie projects like ticks. Three-decker men at best. You, however, grew up on the North Shore, huh? Well, la-di-fuckin'-da. You were kind of a double kid, I bet, right? Huh? One kid with your old man, one kid with your mother. You're upper-middle class during the weeks, then you're droppin' your "R"s and you're hangin' in the big, bad Southie projects with your daddy, the fuckin' donkey on the weekends. I got that right? Dignam: [Billy does not answer] Yup. You have different accents? You did, didn't you? You little fuckin' snake. You were like different people. Billy Costigan: You a psychiatrist? Dignam: Well, if I was I'd ask you why you're a Statie making 30 grand a year. And I think if I was Sigmund fuckin' Freud I wouldn't get an answer. So tell me, what's a lace-curtain motherfucker like you doing in the Staties? Billy Costigan: Families are always rising or falling in America, am I right? Oliver Queenan: Who said that? Billy Costigan: Hawthorne. Dignam: [Dignam makes a farting sound] What's the matter, smartass, you don't know any fuckin' Shakespeare?

§The Departed ¤ Oliver Queenan: [during Costigan's interview] We have a question: Do you want to be a cop, or do you want to appear to be a cop? It's an honest question. A lot of guys just want to appear to be cops. Gun, badge, pretend they're on TV. Dignam: Yeah, a lot of people just wanna slam a nigger's head through a plate-glass window. Billy Costigan: I'm all set without your own personal job application. Alright, Sergeant? Dignam: What the fuck did you say to me, trainee? Billy Costigan: [to Queenan] With all due respect, sir, what do you want from me? Dignam: Hey asshole, he can't help you! I know what you are, okay? I know what you are and I know what you are not. I'm the best friend you have on the face of this earth, and I'm gonna help you understand something, you punk. You're no fuckin' cop!

§The Departed ¤ Madolyn: [during his counseling session] What do you expect coming in here? Billy Costigan: I have to come here. Madolyn: I know you have to come here, but now that you're here, what do you want? Billy Costigan: You want the truth? Valium. Madolyn: You know if you lied, you would have an easier time getting what you wanted. Billy Costigan: What does that say about what you do for a living? Madolyn: I just think we should have a few more meetings before we even talk about prescriptions. Billy Costigan: Look... look, I'm having panic attacks, alright? The other night I thought I was having a fucking heart attack. I puked in a trash barrel on the way over here. I haven't slept for fucking weeks. Madolyn: Is that true? Billy Costigan: Yeah, that's true. Alright? I said it was fucking true. I want some fucking pills and you're gonna what? You're gonna close my file? Is that what you're going to do? Madolyn: No, I didn't close your file. I... Billy Costigan: [angry] I thought I was supposed to tell the truth here, if only fucking here! Madolyn: You are! You are! Billy Costigan: Christ. I mean, a guy comes in here against every, every instinct of privacy and self-reliance he has and what do you do? What do you do, huh? You send him off on the street to score smack, is that what you do? You're fucking ridiculous! [Madolyn hands Costigan some Valium] Billy Costigan: [picking up the pills] Two pills? Great. Why don't you just give me a bottle of scotch and a handgun to blow my fucking head off! Are we done here with this psychiatry bullshit? Madolyn: You know what? You can leave! Billy Costigan: What the fuck did I just put myself through? I'm fucking out of here. And what if that was a legitimate threat? Think about it fucking hotshot!

§The Departed ¤ Oliver Queenan: [meeting privately under a bridge next to a river] Okay, kid. Let's do this. Come on, spread 'em. [Queenan begins searching Costigan] Dignam: Hey, what do you think you can pop somebody and there's a special card to play? That guy, Jimmy Bags whose jaw you broke happens to work undercover for the Boston Police Department. Billy Costigan: I'm going fucking nuts, man. I can't be someone else every fuckin' day. It's been a year of this. I've had enough of this shit! Dignam: Calm down, alright? Most people in the world do it every day. What's the big deal? Billy Costigan: Well, I'm not them, alright? I'm not fucking them, okay? Dignam: Exactly. You're nobody. You signed the papers, remember? Now we're the only two people on the face of this earth that even know you're a cop. How about we just erase your file, huh? How 'bout that? How about we erase your file and then bang, you're just another soldier for Costello open to arrest for I don't know how many felonies. Huh? What do you say we do that, Captain? Billy Costigan: How about I fucking kill you, huh? How about I fucking kill you! Oliver Queenan: That was a joke. Come on! Dignam: That wasn't a joke. Just because you play a tough guy, doesn't mean you are one you lace-curtain, Irish fucking pussy! [Costigan punches Dignam] Oliver Queenan: Hey, hey! Stop it! Break it up! Stop it! Billy Costigan: [to Dignam] Fuck you, motherfucker! Oliver Queenan: Goddamn it, stop it! That's an order! [fighting stops] Oliver Queenan: For chrissake, be smart. If anybody's watching us now, how are we not supposed to arrest you? Come on, get in the car. Both of you, get in the car!

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [in Pakistani Proprietor's store] Hey, you fellas come from Providence? Providence Gangster #2: Isn't any of your business where we come from, is it, now? Billy Costigan: Fuckin' delivering cannolis or something?

§The Departed ¤ Colin Sullivan: [softly to Madolyn while lying in bed together] If we're not gonna make it, it's gotta be you that gets out, cause I'm not capable. I'm fucking Irish, I'll deal with something being wrong for the rest of my life.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: Have a seat, Bill. [Costigan sits down at Costello's dinner table] Frank Costello: [while eating crab] Do you know John Lennon? Billy Costigan: Yeah, sure, he was the president before Lincoln. Frank Costello: Lennon said, "I'm an artist. You give me a fucking tuba, I'll get you something out of it." Billy Costigan: [sarcastically] Well I tell you Mr. Costello, I'd like to squeeze some fucking money out of it. Frank Costello: Smart mouth. Too bad. If you'll indulge me... [sees Gwen leaving] Frank Costello: Now what? Gwen: Choir practice. Frank Costello: [annoyed] Choir practice. [Costello pulls out a severed human hand] Frank Costello: The point I'm making with John Lennon is - a man could look at anything, and make something out of it. For instance, I look at you and I think "what could I use you for?"

§The Departed ¤ Madolyn: Here, this is my card. Colin Sullivan: Nah, I don't need that. I'm a detective. I'll find you. [elevator door begins to close; Colin reaches out] Colin Sullivan: No, I'm just kidding, I need the card.

§The Departed ¤ [Sullivan tries to enter Queenan's office, but Dignam blocks his way] Colin Sullivan: Problem? Dignam: Yeah, I got a problem. I run rat fucks like you, okay? I don't like 'em. Colin Sullivan: The day you wouldn't take a promotion, let me know. And if you'd taken care of this, I wouldn't even be here. Dignam: Fuck yourself, you piece of shit. Colin Sullivan: And I'm gonna need the identity of your undercovers. Dignam: Blow me, all right? But not literally, though. Unfortunately, there's no promotion involved for you. [Dignam leaves] Colin Sullivan: Fucking prick.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: I got this rat, this gnawing, cheese eating fuckin' rat and it brings up questions... You know, see, Bill, like you're the new guy. Girlfriend... Why don't you stay in the bar that night I got your numbers. Social Security numbers. Everybody's fuckin' numbers. Billy Costigan: Is there something that you just wanna go ahead and ask me? 'Cause I'll give you the fuckin' answer, all right? Frank, look at me. Look at me. I'm not the fuckin' rat. Okay? I'm not the fuckin' rat.

§The Departed ¤ [Watching Costigan beat up the Providence gangsters, destroying his store in the process] Pakistani Proprietor: What's wrong with this fucking country? Everybody hates everybody!

§The Departed ¤ Colin Sullivan: [while having dinner with Madolyn] What Freud said about the Irish is: We're the only people who are impervious to psychoanalysis.

§The Departed ¤ Fitzy: [standing outside Costello's bar] She didn't notice us, she must be a cop. Delahunt: [jokingly] Yeah, she's probably the fucking Police Commissioner.

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [to Frank Costello in Frank's bar] You accuse me once, I put up with it. You accuse me twice... I quit. You pressure me to fear for my life and I will put a fucking bullet in your head as if you were anybody else. Okay? [Frank drops something. He reaches under the table and pulls up a gun. He looks at it as if he's never seen it before and then points it at Billy] Frank Costello: You got something you wanna... ask me?

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [talking in the back seat of a car] When are you gonna take Costello, huh? [animated] Billy Costigan: I mean, what's wrong with taking him on any one of the [yelling] Billy Costigan: million fucking felonies that you've seen him do, or I've seen him do? I mean, I mean, he murdered somebody, right? The guy fucking murders somebody, and you don't fucking take him! What are you waiting for, honestly? I mean, do you want him to chop me up and feed me to the poor? Is that what you guys want? Dignam: [sarcastically while sitting in the front seat] Yeah, well that might stick. Oliver Queenan: [to Dignam] Will you shut up? [to Billy] Oliver Queenan: We are building a case. It takes time. You know that. Billy Costigan: Somethings wrong. I'm telling you, something's wrong. Oliver Queenan: Yeah, maybe.

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [during Costigan's interview] Do you lie? Madolyn: Why? Do you? Billy Costigan: No, I'm asking if you lie. Madolyn: Honesty is not synonymous with truth. Billy Costigan: [amused] Yeah, you lie. You lie.

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [coming from behind the wall to surprise Sullivan] Freeze! Colin Sullivan: Whoa! Put the fucking gun down! Billy Costigan: Put your fucking hands up! Colin Sullivan: Alright, alright. I can get you your money! Billy Costigan: What did you say? Colin Sullivan: I said I can get you your... Billy Costigan: [punches Sullivan across the face] You didn't come here to talk, you came here to get arrested. [Slaps cuffs on him] Colin Sullivan: You have fucking tapes of what? Costello was my informant. I was a rat? Fuck you, prove it. Billy Costigan: [standing Sullivan up] Get up! Colin Sullivan: What is this? A citzens arrest? Blow me. Only one of us is a cop here Bill. Did you hear me Bill? No one knows who you fucking are! Billy Costigan: Will you shut the fuck up! Colin Sullivan: I'm a sargeant in the Massachusetts State Police, who the fuck are you? I erased you! Billy Costigan: [slams Sullivan against a wall] You erased me, huh? Colin Sullivan: Yea... shoot a cop, Einstein, watch what happens. Billy Costigan: What would happen is this bullet would go right through your fucking head! Colin Sullivan: Watch what happens! Billy Costigan: What? So you can get the parade? The bagpipes and bullshit? Fuck you! Fuck you! I'm fucking arresting you! Colin Sullivan: That's the stupidest thing you could do. Billy Costigan: [while hitting him] Shut the fuck up! [Sullivan falls to the ground] Billy Costigan: I could give a fuck if the charges don't stick... I'm still fucking arresting you. Colin Sullivan: [dazed] Shit.

§The Departed ¤ Uncle Ed: [in a hospital hallway] What's this I hear from Stephanie about you becoming a policeman? Billy Costigan: You mean Stephanie, who was the only one who came to my father's funeral? That Stephanie? Uncle Ed: Yeah, *that* Stepanie. Billy Costigan: Nothing much to it, Uncle Edward. Uncle Ed: Are you trying to prove something to the family? Billy Costigan: When you say "the family," who do you mean exactly? You? Uncle Ed: You always have to question everything, don't you? Billy Costigan: Maybe it would have done you some good to have some *questions* from time to time, you know? "Am I an asshole? Are my kids a mess? Is my wife a money-grubbing whore?" I mean, those are questions, right? "Have I ever been good to my dying sister or am I just now pretending to be?" Uncle Ed: Do you need some money for the funeral? Billy Costigan: When my mother dies, we don't have any more connection. [Billy walks away]

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [looking around in her home] You don't have any cats. Madolyn: No. Billy Costigan: I like that.

§The Departed ¤ Oliver Queenan: [during Colin's interview] Congratulations on passing the detectives' exam, and welcome to the Special Investigation Unit. Dignam: Whoop-de-fuckin'-do.

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [in Costello's bar] Frank, how many of these guys have been with you long enough to be disgruntled, huh? Think about it. You don't pay much, you know. It's almost a fuckin' feudal enterprise. The question is, and this is the only question, who thinks that they can do what you do better than you? Frank Costello: The only one that can do what I do is me. Lot of people had to die for me to be me. You wanna be me? Billy Costigan: I probably could be you, yeah. Yeah, I know that much. But I don't wanna be you, Frank. I don't wanna be you Frank Costello: Heavy lies the crown... sort of thing.

§The Departed ¤ Colin Sullivan: [standing in front of him] You're an FBI informant? Are you fucking kidding me? Frank Costello: [sitting on the blade of a bulldozer] Grow up! [laughing] Frank Costello: Of course I talked to the FBI. Colin Sullivan: Do they know who I am? Frank Costello: I... I never gave up anybody... who wasn't going down anyway. Nobody knows nothin'. Colin Sullivan: Frank... Frank. Do they know about me? Frank Costello: I know about you, Colin. You know I'd never give you up. You're like a... Colin Sullivan: What, like a son? To you? Is that what this is about? All that murderin'... and fuckin'... and no sons? [They shoot at each other]

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: [talking about Costigan] Do you trust him? Mr. French: Well these days, who's reliable? Frank Costello: His uncle Jackie was. Yeah, you can't trust a guy acts like he's got nothing to lose. Mr. French: I'm reliable. Frank Costello: Arnold, you're one in a million. Mr. French: Ten. Ten million. Frank Costello: What about your wife, Arnold? Mr. French: Well, I thought she was. Frank Costello: [laughing] She wasn't! Mr. French: Well, she got reliable. [flashback showing French strangling his wife]

§The Departed ¤ Ellerby: We are all convinced that Costello has at least one mole inside the Special Investigations Unit. You will investigate everybody and - anybody. Colin Sullivan: Well, that's not exactly a dream job for a cop. Ellerby: We looked at all possible candidates. You have an immaculate record. Some people don't trust a guy with an immaculate record. I do. I have an immaculate record.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: I'm concerned about a Chinaman who thinks it's wise to come to a business transaction with automatic weapons. [to the Chinese translator] Frank Costello: For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons. Because here - in this country... it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: What we generally do - in this country... is one guy brings the items and the other guy pays him. No tickee, no laundry!

§The Departed ¤ Ellerby: [while putting golf balls on a golf range] How is your wedding coming along? Colin Sullivan: Great, great; she's a doctor. Ellerby: That's outstanding. Colin Sullivan: Yeah. Ellerby: Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work. [laughs] Colin Sullivan: [laughing] Yeah, it's working... Overtime! Ellerby: I'm glad to hear that. Colin Sullivan: Yeah... Thank you.

§The Departed ¤ [Brown is telling Billy why he signed up for the police while jogging for a police training exercise] Brown: So she tells me, "You never finish anything. You finish the police course, you get taken care of again, baby." So after graduation, I get a blowjob again. Billy Costigan: That's great. Your mother sounds like a wonderful woman. Brown: Fuck yourself. Billy Costigan: Look at it this way: You're a black guy in Boston. You don't need any help from me to be completely fucked.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: When you decide to be something, you can be it. That's what they don't tell you in the church. When I was your age they would say we can become cops, or criminals. Today, what I'm saying to you is this: when you're facing a loaded gun, what's the difference?

§The Departed ¤ Ellerby: [during a conference briefing about Costello and his crew] This unit is new, and you are the newest members of it. You have been selected from the basis of intelligence and aptitude. This is an elite unit. Our job is to smash, or marginally disrupt, organized crime in the city by enhanced cooperation of the FBI, represented here today by Frank Lazio. And we will do it. By organized crime in the city, you know who we mean - that's Jackie Costigan, that's an old picture. Jackie met his demise. Last known photograph. Costello uses three key guys: that's Fitzy - off-the-boat psycho who lives with his mother, who's straight out of Going My Way. Delahunt - muscle. French - the number one. But of course the rock star - you know who. We've done a briefing. Books, so read up. I want any and all ideas so I can pass them off as my own. Word hard, you'll rise fast. You're in the best possible position in the department. Let's go to work.

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: [after talking on the phone with Colin] Sweetheart, you're giving me a hard-on. Gwen: Are you sure it's me? Not all that talk about whiffing and crawling up asses? Frank Costello: Watch your fuckin' mouth! Gwen: No, you watch it. Let me straighten you out.

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: [during a counseling session] There was a cop leaving when I came in. Madolyn: How did you know he was a cop? Billy Costigan: You know, bad haircut, no dress sense, and, you know, a slight air of scumbag entitlement.

§The Departed ¤ Colin Sullivan: Yeah, shoot a cop, Einstein. Watch what happens. Billy Costigan: What would happen is this bullet would go right through your fucking head!

§The Departed ¤ Frank Costello: [in a restaurant] You know, if your father were alive, and saw you here sitting with me, let's say he would have a word with me about this. In fact, he'd kill seven guys just to cut my throat, and he could do it. That's maybe something you don't know about William Costigan, Sr. Billy Costigan: [asking if his father never murdered anyone] So he never? I mean, never? Frank Costello: No. He kept his own counsel. He never wanted money. You can't do anything with a man like that. You're Uncle Jackie - he also would kill my entire fucking family if he saw me here with you. And I think about this. Billy Costigan: [confused] So what the fuck are we talking about here? Frank Costello: Did you ever think about going back to school? Billy Costigan: School? [laughs] Billy Costigan: All due respect Mr. Costello, school is out. Frank Costello: Maybe someday you'll wake the fuck up.

§The Departed ¤ Billy Costigan: No, I gotta get out. I can't be doing this anymore. You know what's gonna happen? Oliver Queenan: What? Billy Costigan: I know he's gonna find out who I am and he's gonna fucking kill me. Oliver Queenan: I'm really sorry... I swear to God I am. I'll get you out of this. It won't be immediately but I will get you out. Two weeks at most.

§The Departed ¤ Providence Gangster #1: [in Pakistani Proprietor's store] Come on Babu, I can't do any more. I can't go off, please don't make me go back empty handed. Please don't do this. I wanna help you. Pakistani Proprietor: Come to my store next Friday. I'll give you the money... Providence Gangster #1: This is Friday Babu, how many times I gotta tell you? Pakistani Proprietor: You keep calling me Babu, it's 'Singh' motherfucker! Providence Gangster #1: I'm trying to help you. Don't you understand? Pakistani Proprietor: You keep on telling me 'I'm your friend'. Providence Gangster #1: Yeah. Pakistani Proprietor: You don't even know my fucking name!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: There are no two words in the English language more harmful than "good job".

§Whiplash ¤ Andrew: [to Connelly] HEY, FUCK OFF, JOHNNY UTAH! TURN MY PAGES, BITCH!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: [Repeated line] Not quite my tempo.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Were you rushing or were you dragging? Andrew: I-I don't know. Terence Fletcher: Start counting! Andrew: Five, six... Terence Fletcher: In four, dammit! Look at me! Andrew: One, two, three, four. [Fletcher slaps him the face] Andrew: One, two, three, four. [Fletcher slaps him again] Andrew: One, two, three... Terence Fletcher: Now, was I rushing or I was dragging? Andrew: I don't know. Terence Fletcher: Count again. Andrew: One, two, three, four. [slap in the face] Andrew: One, two, three, four. [another slap in the face] Andrew: One, two, three, four... Terence Fletcher: Rushing or dragging? Andrew: Rushing. Terence Fletcher: [yelling] So, you do know the difference!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: I was there to push people beyond what's expected of them. I believe that's an absolute necessity.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: For the record, Metz wasn't out of tune. You were, Erickson, but he didn't know and that's bad enough.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Nieman, you earned the part. Alternates, will you clean the blood off my drum set?

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: I never really had a Charlie Parker. But I tried. I actually fucking tried. And that's more than most people ever do.

§Whiplash ¤ [First Lines] Andrew: [Andrew stop playing because Fletcher enters the room] I'm sorry, I... Terence Fletcher: What's your name? Andrew: Andrew Neiman sir. Terence Fletcher: What year are you? Andrew: I'm a... first year. Terence Fletcher: You know who I am? Andrew: Yes sir. Terence Fletcher: So, you know that I'm looking for players? Andrew: Yes sir. Terence Fletcher: Then why did you stop playing? Terence Fletcher: [Andrew resumes playing] Did I ask you to star playing again? Andrew: Uh... sorry , I... Terence Fletcher: I ask why you stop playing and your version of an answer was to turn into a wind-up monkey. Andrew: Sorry, I... Terence Fletcher: Show me your rudiments. Andrew: Yes sir. [Andrew plays while Fletcher removes his jacket and puts it on a rack] Terence Fletcher: Double-time swing. [Andrew resumes playing] Terence Fletcher: No, double time. Double it! [Andrew resumes playing] Terence Fletcher: Faster. Faster! [Andrew continues playing until he hears Fletcher slam the door out] Terence Fletcher: [Fletcher goes back to the room] Upsy-daisy. Forget my jacket!

§Whiplash ¤ Uncle Frank: You got any friends, Andy? Andrew: No. Uncle Frank: Oh, why's that? Andrew: I don't know, I just never really saw the use. Uncle Frank: Well, who are you going to play with otherwise? Lennon and McCartney, they were school buddies, am I right? Andrew: Charlie Parker didn't know anybody 'til Jo Jones threw a cymbal at his head. Uncle Frank: So that's your idea of success, huh? Andrew: I think being the greatest musician of the 20th century is anybody's idea of success. Jim: Dying broke and drunk and full of heroin at the age of 34 is not exactly my idea of success. Andrew: I'd rather die drunk, broke at 34 and have people at a dinner table talk about me than live to be rich and sober at 90 and nobody remembered who I was. Uncle Frank: Ah, but your friends will remember you, that's the point. Andrew: None of us were friends with Charlie Parker. *That's* the point. Uncle Frank: Travis and Dustin? They have plenty of friends and plenty of purpose. Andrew: I'm sure they'll make great school board presidents someday. Dustin: Oh, that's what this is all about? You think you're better than us? Andrew: You catch on quick. Are you in Model UN? Travis: I got a reply for you, Andrew. You think Carleton football's a joke? Come play with us. Andrew: Four words you will never hear from the NFL. Aunt Emma: Who wants dessert?

§Whiplash ¤ Andrew: But is there a line? You know, maybe you go too far, and you discourage the next Charlie Parker from ever becoming Charlie Parker? Terence Fletcher: No, man, no. Because the next Charlie Parker would never be discouraged.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: I don't think people understood what it was I was doing at Shaffer. I wasn't there to conduct. Any fucking moron can wave his arms and keep people in tempo. I was there to push people beyond what's expected of them. I believe that is... an absolute necessity. Otherwise, we're depriving the world of the next Louis Armstrong. The next Charlie Parker. I told you that story about how Charlie Parker became Charlie Parker, right? Andrew: Jo Jones threw a cymbal at his head. Terence Fletcher: Exactly. Parker's a young kid, pretty good on the sax. Gets up to play at a cutting session, and he fucks it up. And Jones nearly decapitates him for it. And he's laughed off-stage. Cries himself to sleep that night, but the next morning, what does he do? He practices. And he practices and he practices with one goal in mind, never to be laughed at again. And a year later, he goes back to the Reno and he steps up on that stage, and plays the best motherfucking solo the world has ever heard. So imagine if Jones had just said, "Well, that's okay, Charlie. That was all right. Good job." And then Charlie thinks to himself, "Well, shit, I did do a pretty good job." End of story. No Bird. That, to me, is an absolute tragedy. But that's just what the world wants now. People wonder why jazz is dying.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: I can still fucking see you, Mini Me!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Do you think you're out of tune? What are you... there's no fucking Mars Bar down there, what are you looking at? Look up here, look at me. Do you think you were out of tune? Metz: Yes. Terence Fletcher: THEN WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T YOU SAY SO? Carried your fat ass for too long, Metz. I'm not gonna have you cost us a competition because your mind's on a fucking happy meal instead of on pitch.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: And here comes mister gay pride of the Upper West Side himself. Unfortunately, this is not a Bette Midler concert, we will not be serving Cosmopolitans and Baked Alaska, so just play faster than you give fucking hand jobs, will you please?

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: That is not your boyfriend's dick. Do not come early.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: You are upset. [Andrew nods yes] Terence Fletcher: Say it. Andrew: I'm upset. Terence Fletcher: Say it so the whole band can hear you. Andrew: [a little louder] I'm upset! Terence Fletcher: Louder! Andrew: [loud] I'm upset! Terence Fletcher: LOUDER! Andrew: [louder] I'M UPSET! Terence Fletcher: You are a worthless, friendless, faggot-lipped little piece of shit whose mommy left daddy when she figured out he wasn't Eugene O'Neill, and who is now weeping and slobbering all over my drum set like a fucking nine-year old girl! So for the final, FATHER-FUCKING time, SAY IT LOUDER! Andrew: [at the top of his lungs] I'M UPSET! Terence Fletcher: [going back to compose the band] Start practicing harder, Nieman.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: If you want the fucking part, earn it!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: You think I'm fucking stupid? I know it was you.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Either you're deliberately out of tune and sabotaging my band, or you don't know you're out of tune, and that's even worse.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Now are you a rusher, or are you a dragger or are you gonna be ON MY FUCKING TIME? Andrew: I'll be on your time.

§Whiplash ¤ Andrew: [after being replaced by another drummer] Are you serious? That shit?

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: The folder is your fucking responsibility, Tanner. Why would you give it to Neiman? Right? You give a calculator to a fucking retard he's gonna try to turn on a TV with it. Now get your sticks and get your ass on stage.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Get the fuck off my sight before I'll demolish you!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Motherfucker! Connelly, get your ass back on the kit.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: If you deliberately sabotage my band, I will fuck you like a pig.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: You're here for a reason. You believe that, right? Andrew: Yeah. Terence Fletcher: Say it. Andrew: *I'm here for a reason* Terence Fletcher: [Smiling] Cool. All right, man. Have fun.

§Whiplash ¤ Andrew: I'm just gonna lay it out there. This is why I don't think we should be together. And I've thought about it a lot and this is what's gonna happen. I'm gonna keep pursuing what I'm pursuing. And because I'm doing that, it's gonna take up more and more of my time. And I'm not gonna be able to spend as much time with you. And when I do spend time with you, I'm gonna be thinking about drumming. And I'm gonna be thinking about jazz music, my charts, all that. And because of that, you're gonna start to resent me. And you're gonna tell me to ease up on the drumming, spend more time with you because you're not feeling important. And I'm not gonna be able to do that. And really, I'm gonna start to resent you for even asking me to stop drumming. And we're just gonna start to hate each other. And it's gonna get very... It's gonna be ugly. And so for those reasons, I'd rather just, you know, break it off clean... because I wanna be great. Nicole: And you're not? Andrew: I wanna be one of the greats. Nicole: And I would stop you from doing that? Andrew: Yeah. Nicole: You know I would stop you from doing that. You know, for a fact? Andrew: Yes. Nicole: And I'd barely see you anyway? Andrew: Yeah. Nicole: And when I do see you, you'd treat me like shit because I'm just some girl who doesn't know what she wants. And you have a path, and you're gonna be great, and I'm going to be forgotten, and therefore you won't be able to give me the time of day because you have bigger things to pursue? Andrew: That's exactly my point. Nicole: What the fuck is wrong with you? You're right, we should not be dating.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Everybody remember, Lincoln Center and its ilk use these competitions to decide who they are interested in and who they are not. And I am not gonna have my reputation in that department tarnished by a bunch of fucking limp-dick, sour-note, flatter-than-their-girlfriends, flexible-tempo dipshits. Got it?

§Whiplash ¤ [last lines] Terence Fletcher: [Andrew keeps playing after the music ends] Andrew, what are you doing, man? Andrew: I'll cue you in!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: What the fuck are you looking for? There's no pot of gold down there. [Ryan starts adjusting the seat] Terence Fletcher: Really? Adjusting the seat, really? That's been your problem the whole fucking time, the seat height? So now you have it, right? Go! [Ryan starts playing] Terence Fletcher: BULLSHIT! FUCK YOU!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: [after Andrew stops drumming] Is that all you have you worthless Hymie fuck? No wonder mommy ran out on you.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: So, imagine if Jones had just said, "Well, that's okay, Charlie. That was all right. Good job." So Charlie thinks to himself, "Well, shit, I did do a pretty good job." End of story. No Bird. That to me is an absolute tragedy. But that's just what the world wants now. People wonder why jazz is dying.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: We have a squeaker today, class. His name is Andrew Nieman, he's 19 years old. Isn't he cute?

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Truth is, I don't think people... understood what it was I was doing at Shaffer. I wasn't there to conduct. Any fucking moron can wave his arms and keep people in tempo. I was there to push people beyond what's expected of them. I believe that is an absolute necessity. Otherwise, we are depriving the world of the next Louis Armstrong, the next Charlie Parker. I told you that story about how Charlie Parker became Charlie Parker, right? Andrew: Jo Jones threw a cymbal at his head. Terence Fletcher: Exactly. Parker's a young kid, pretty good on the sax, gets up to play at a cutting session, and he fucks it up. And Jones nearly decapitates him for it. And he's laughed off stage. But the next morning, what does he do? He practices. And he practices, and he practices with one goal in mind: Never too be laughed at again. And a year later he goes back to the Reno and he steps up on that stage and he plays the best motherfucking solo the world has ever heard. So imagine if Jones just said "Well, that's okay Charlie. That was alright. Good job." Then Charlie thinks to himself "Well, shit. I did do a pretty good job." End of story. No Bird. That, to me, is an absolute tragedy. But that's just what the world wants now. People wonder why jazz is dying. I'll tell you, man - and every Starbucks "jazz" album just proves my point, really - there are no two words in the English language more harmful than "good job". Andrew: But is there a line? You know, maybe you go too far and you discourage the next Charlie Parker from ever becoming Charlie Parker? Terence Fletcher: No, man, no. Because the next Charlie Parker would never be discouraged. Andrew: Yeah. Terence Fletcher: The truth is, Andrew, I never really had a Charlie Parker. But I tried. I actually fucking tried, and that's more than most people ever do. And I will never apologize for how I tried.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Nieman, you're done.

§Whiplash ¤ Poster of Buddy Rich on Andrew's wall: IF YOU DON'T HAVE ABILITY, YOU WIND UP PLAYING IN A ROCK BAND

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Now this one really upsets me. We have an out-of-tune player here. Before I continue, would that player care to identify himself? No? Ok, maybe a bug flew in my ear.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Five-P.M. call tomorrow in Dunellen. Give yourself at least two hours to get there this time, alright? Save your travel receipts. Or don't. I don't give a shit.

§Whiplash ¤ Andrew: Hey. Sorry, I'm late. Terence Fletcher: Well, glad you could fit us into your busy schedule, darling. Andrew: I know. Look, sorry I'm late, but uh... I'm here, I'm ready to go. Terence Fletcher: Connelly's playing the part. Andrew: Yeah, like fuckin' hell he's playing my part. Terence Fletcher: What the fuck did you just say to me? Andrew: It's my part. Terence Fletcher: It's my part and I decide who to lend it to. Usually it's someone who has fucking sticks.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: [melancholic] Guys, just put your instruments down for a minute. [plays a slow trumpet song through speakers] Terence Fletcher: Just listen for a minute. Six years ago, I came across a kid in a practice room, working on his scales. He was early second year and he'd started at Shaffer with a lot of hope. Like all you guys. But the truth was that he barely squeaked in to begin with and, uh... he was really struggling. The faculty were all telling him, "Maybe this isn't for you." But they didn't see what I saw. This scared, skinny kid, cursing himself because he couldn't get his scales right. I saw a drive in him. And I put him in Studio Band. And when he graduated, Marsalis made him third trumpet at Lincoln Center. A year later, he was first. That's who you're listening to now. His name was Sean Casey. I found out this morning that Sean... died yesterday... in a car accident. And I just... I wanted you guys to know he was a beautiful player. I just thought you should know. [wipes tears from his eyes] Terence Fletcher: I'm sorry.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Oh my dear God. Are you one of those single tear people? Do I look like a double fucking rainbow to you?

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Nieman, you lost the fucking part. Andrew: No, I didn't! You can't fucking do this to me! Terence Fletcher: CAN'T? Andrew: Yeah! Terence Fletcher: When did you become a fucking expert on what I can or cannot do, you fucking weepy willow shitsack? Andrew: I earned that part. Terence Fletcher: You never earned anything. God, you are a self-righteous prick. The only reason you are a core is because you misplaced a folder. The only reason you're in studio band to begin with is because I told you EXACTLY what I'd be asking for in Nassau! Am I wrong? Andrew: Yeah, yeah. I'm in studio band because I'm the best player... Ryan: [interrupts] Hey, why don't you just back off, bro? Andrew: Hey, you know, fuck off, Johnny Utah! Turn my pages, bitch! Terence Fletcher: Hey, I can cut you any fucking time I want. Andrew: You would've cut me by now. Terence Fletcher: Try me, you fucking weasel!

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: [after several hours of drumming] Maybe it's time to *finally* bring this home. What do you say? [Nieman starts drumming] Terence Fletcher: Don't slow down. Pick it up! FASTER! [bangs cowbell in front of Nieman] Terence Fletcher: FASTER! [throws drum] Terence Fletcher: FASTER! FASTER! FASTER! KEEP PLAYING, KEEP PLAYING, KEEP PLAYING. DON'T STOP! [calls for a halt] Terence Fletcher: Nieman, you earned the part.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: At 5:30, that's in exactly 11 minutes, my band is on stage. If your ass is not on that stool with your own fucking sticks in hand or you make ONE FUCKING MISTAKE, ONE! I will drum your ass back to Nassau where you can turn pages until you graduate or fucking drop out! By the time you're done at Shaffer, you're gonna make Daddy look like a fucking success story. Got it? Or, we can let Johnny Utah play the part. You choose. Andrew: It's my part, I'll be on your stage. [Rushes to pick up his rudiments, but turns to Connelly] Andrew: Fuck you!

§Whiplash ¤ Andrew: Hey, look, I can play these charts. Terence Fletcher: [visibly distraught after phone call] Now is not the time, I swear to God. Andrew: I can play it, okay? Terence Fletcher: I SAID NOT NOW! If you want the fucking part, earn it.

§Whiplash ¤ [last lines; during Andrew's drum solo] Terence Fletcher: What the hell are you doing, man? Andrew: I'll cue you.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Tanner, are you a fucking statue? Let's go! Get off the stool.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Why do you suppose I just hurled a chair at your head, Nieman? Andrew: I-I don't know. Terence Fletcher: Sure, you do. Andrew: The tempo? Terence Fletcher: Were you rushing or were you dragging? Andrew: I-I don't know.

§Whiplash ¤ Terence Fletcher: Let's go with the Irish Mick fucking Paddy cracker. You know, you actually do look quite a bit like a leprechaun. I think I'm gonna start calling you Flannery.

§The Prestige ¤ Cutter: Every great magic trick consists of three parts or acts. The first part is called "The Pledge". The magician shows you something ordinary: a deck of cards, a bird or a man. He shows you this object. Perhaps he asks you to inspect it to see if it is indeed real, unaltered, normal. But of course... it probably isn't. The second act is called "The Turn". The magician takes the ordinary something and makes it do something extraordinary. Now you're looking for the secret... but you won't find it, because of course you're not really looking. You don't really want to know. You want to be fooled. But you wouldn't clap yet. Because making something disappear isn't enough; you have to bring it back. That's why every magic trick has a third act, the hardest part, the part we call "The Prestige"."

§The Prestige ¤ Officer: Do you have anything to say? Alfred Borden: Abracadabra.

§The Prestige ¤ [last lines] Cutter: Now you're looking for the secret. But you won't find it because of course, you're not really looking. You don't really want to work it out. You want to be fooled.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: The secret impresses no one. The trick you use it for is everything.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: So... we go alone now. Both of us. Only I don't have as far to go as you. Go. You were right, I should have left him to his damn trick. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for a lot of things. I'm sorry about Sarah. I didn't mean to hurt her... I didn't. You go and live your life in full now, all right? You live for both of us. Fallon: Goodbye.

§The Prestige ¤ [In reference to a bird from a trick] Alfred Borden: See? He's fine! Boy: But where's his brother?

§The Prestige ¤ [first lines] Alfred Borden: Are you watching closely?

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: No one cares about the man in the box, the man who disappears.

§The Prestige ¤ [after showing a little boy how to do a coin trick] Alfred Borden: Never show anyone. They'll beg you and they'll flatter you for the secret, but as soon as you give it up... you'll be nothing to them.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: You went half way around the world, you spent a fortune, you did terrible things - really terrible things, Robert, and all for nothing. Robert Angier: For nothing? Alfred Borden: Yeah Robert Angier: You never understood why we did this. The audience knows the truth: the world is simple. It's miserable, solid all the way through. But if you could fool them, even for a second, then you can make them wonder, and then you... then you got to see something really special. You really don't know? It was... it was the look on their faces...

§The Prestige ¤ Nikola Tesla: Mr. Angier, have you considered the cost of such a machine? Robert Angier: Price is not an object. Nikola Tesla: Perhaps not, but have you considered the *cost*? Robert Angier: I'm not sure I follow. Nikola Tesla: Go home. Forget this thing. I can recognize an obsession, no good will come of it. Robert Angier: Why, haven't good come of your obsessions? Nikola Tesla: Well, at first. But I followed them too long. I'm their slave... and one day they'll choose to destroy me. Robert Angier: If you understand an obsession, then you know you won't change my mind.

§The Prestige ¤ Cutter: Take a minute to consider your achievement. I once told you about a sailor who drowned. Robert Angier: Yes, he said it was like going home. Cutter: I lied. He said it was agony.

§The Prestige ¤ Olivia Wenscombe: You married her. You had a child with her. Alfred Borden: Yes. Part of me did. But the other part... the other part didn't. The part that found you, the part that's sitting here right now. Olivia Wenscombe: You could be in some other cafe saying the same thing about me right now. It's inhuman to be so cold.

§The Prestige ¤ Nikola Tesla: Nothing is impossible, Mr. Angier. What you want is simply expensive.

§The Prestige ¤ Nikola Tesla: You're familiar with the phrase "man's reach exceeds his grasp"? It's a lie: man's grasp exceeds his nerve.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: We both had half of a full life, which was somehow enough for us. But not for them.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: Everything's going to be alright, because I love you very much. Sarah: Say it again. Alfred Borden: I love you. Sarah: Not today. Alfred Borden: What do you mean? Sarah: Well some days it's not true. Maybe today you're more in love with magic. I like being able to tell the difference, it makes the days it is true mean something.

§The Prestige ¤ Nikola Tesla: I apologize for leaving without saying goodbye, but I seem to have outstayed my welcome in Colorado. The truly extraordinary is not permitted in science and industry. Perhaps you'll find more luck in your field, where people are happy to be mystified. You will find what you are looking for in this box. Alley has written you a thorough set of instructions. I add only one suggestion on using the machine: destroy it. Drop it to the bottom of the deepest ocean. Such a thing will bring you only misery.

§The Prestige ¤ [last lines] Cutter: Every magic trick consists of three parts, or acts. The first part is called the pledge, the magician shows you something ordinary. The second act is called the turn, the magician takes the ordinary something and makes it into something extraordinary. But you wouldn't clap yet, because making something disappear isn't enough. You have to bring it BACK. Now you're looking for the secret. But you won't find it because of course, you're not really looking. You don't really want to work it out. You want to be fooled.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: I love you. Sarah: You mean it today. Alfred Borden: Of course. Sarah: It just makes it so much harder when you don't.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: Simple maybe, but not easy.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: See, sacrifice, Robert. That's the price of a good trick. But you wouldn't know anything about that, would you?

§The Prestige ¤ Sarah: Alfred, I can't live like this! Alfred Borden: Well, what do you want from me? Sarah: I want... I want you to be honest with me. No tricks, no lies, no secrets. [pause] Sarah: Do you... do you love me? Alfred Borden: Not today. No.

§The Prestige ¤ Nikola Tesla: Society tolerates only one change at a time.

§The Prestige ¤ [Borden shoots Angier in the waist, picking up the red rubber ball, when the two reveal their prestige to one another] Robert Angier: A brother... a twin. You were Fallon... the whole time? Alfred Borden: No. We were both Fallon. And we were both Borden. Robert Angier: [panting] Were you - were you the one who went into the box or the one who came back out? Alfred Borden: We took turns. The trick is where we would swap. [we see the flashback of both twins performing The Transported Man] Robert Angier: [breathing heavily] Cutter knew. Cutter knew. But I told him it was too simple, too easy. Alfred Borden: No... simple, maybe, but not easy. There's nothing easy about two men sharing one life. [we see the flashback showing one of the twins cutting the other twins' fingers off] Robert Angier: Wh-What about Olivia? And your wife? Alfred Borden: We each loved one of them. [we see the flashback of both lovers] Alfred Borden: I loved Sarah. He loved Olivia. We each had half a full life, really, which was enough for us. Just... but not for them. You see, sacrifice, Robert - that's the price of a good trick. But you wouldn't know anything about that, would you? Robert Angier: [labored breathing] I've - I've made sacrifices. [wheezing] Robert Angier: Yes. Alfred Borden: It takes nothing to steal another man's work. Robert Angier: It takes everything. [we see the flashback of Angier killing the clone of himself while doing The Real Transported Man trick] Robert Angier: It took courage... it took courage to climb into that machine every night... not knowing... if I'd be the man in the box... or the prestige. Do you want - want to see. What it cost me? Y-you didn't see where you are, did you? Look. Look Alfred Borden: Look here... you went halfway around the world. You spent a fortune. You did terrible things... really terrible things, Robert. And all for nothing. Robert Angier: For nothing? Alfred Borden: Yeah. Robert Angier: You never understood... why we did this? The audience knows the truth - the world is simple... and miserable... solid all the way through. But if you could fool them, even for a second, then you can make them wonder. And then you... then you got to see something very special. You really don't know? It was... it was the look on their faces. [Angier wheezes and exhales, collapsing dead, and Borden walks out of the theatre alone]

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: But here, at the turn, I must leave you Borden. Yes, you, Borden, sitting there in your cell, awaiting your death. For my murder.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: Does he enjoy taking his bows under the stage?

§The Prestige ¤ Olivia Wenscombe: [referring to Angier] He wants me to come work for you and steal your secrets. Alfred Borden: What does he need my secrets for? His trick is top-notch. He vanishes, and then he reappears instantly on the other side of the stage - mute, overweight, and unless I'm mistaken, very drunk. It's astonishing, how does he do it?

§The Prestige ¤ Cutter: Obsession is a young man's game

§The Prestige ¤ [repeated line] Alfred Borden: Are you watching closely?

§The Prestige ¤ Nikola Tesla: Exact science, Mr Angier, is not an exact science.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: He's a dreadful magician. Cutter: No, he's a wonderful magician. He's a dreadful showman.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: Which hat is mine? Nikola Tesla: They are all your hat, Mr. Angier.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: [realizes Fallon's buried after trading him back] Alive? Robert Angier: How fast can you dig?

§The Prestige ¤ Nikola Tesla: Things don't always go as planned, Mr. Angier. That's the beauty of science.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: Man's reach exceeds his imagination!

§The Prestige ¤ Cutter: I knew a sailor once, got tangled in the rigging. We pulled him out, but it took him five minutes to cough. He said it was like going home.

§The Prestige ¤ Alfred Borden: He's progressive, he's predictable, he's boring. I mean, Milton's got success, whatever that means, and now he's scared, he won't take any risks at all. I mean, he's squandering the goodwill of the audience with these tired, second-rate tricks... Robert Angier: They're all favorites, please... Alfred Borden: Favorites? Come on, give me something fresh, he wont even try a bloody bullet catch! Cutter: A bullet catch is suicide, all it takes is some smart-ass volunteer to put a button in the barrel... Alfred Borden: Fine, use a plant! Robert Angier: You can't use plants for every trick! Julia McCullough: There'll be no seats left for the punters! [laughs] Alfred Borden: Fine, no bullet catch, whatever, but the point is... a real magician tries to invent something new, that other magicians are gonna scratch their heads over, you know? Cutter: Right, then you sell it to him for a small fortune? Alfred Borden: All right... Cutter: I suppose you have such a trick? Alfred Borden: Actually, I do.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: [to Borden] You always were the better magician. We both know that. Whatever your secret was, you have to agree, mine is better.

§The Prestige ¤ Gerald Root: Did you think you were unique, Mr Angier? I've been Caesar. I've played Faust. How hard could it possibly be to play the Great Danton?

§The Prestige ¤ Gerald Root: You would drink, too, if you knew the world half as well as I do.

§The Prestige ¤ Judge: What a way to kill someone. Cutter: They're magicians, your honor. Men who live by dressing up plain and simple truths to shock, to amaze. Judge: Even without an audience? Cutter: There was an audience. You see, this water tank was of particular significance to these two men. Particularly dreadful significance.

§The Prestige ¤ Sarah: No more lies. No more secrets. Alfred Borden: Secrets are my life.

§The Prestige ¤ [after finding Gerald Root, Angier's new double] Cutter: He's perfect. He needs some work, but when I get through with him, he could be your brother. Robert Angier: I don't need him to be my brother, I need him to be *me*!

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: Would I be the man in the box or the prestige?

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: The man stole my life. I steal his trick.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: My passion is equal to the task.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: Where are the wires? Alley: Exactly.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: I thought you said I'd have to get my hands dirty. Cutter: Maybe someday you will; I just needed to know that you could.

§The Prestige ¤ Robert Angier: It was the greatest magic trick I've ever seen.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ [first lines] Seita: September 21, 1945... that was the night I died.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: Why do fireflies have to die so soon?

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: She's been having diarrhea for a while now, and prickly heat and rashes all over. And salt water seems to be hurting her skin. Doctor: [writing] Weakening from malnutrition. Due to the diarrhea. Next patient. Seita: Can you give her medicine or a shot? Please, doctor, help her. Doctor: Give her medicine? All this child needs is some food. Seita: She needs food... WHERE AM I SUPPOSED TO GET FOOD?

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: Seita. Have one. [Holds out rocks] Seita: Setsuko, what? Setsuko: Rice balls. I made them for you. Here, have one. [Seita starts crying] Setsuko: You don't want them? Seita: Setsuko... [Cries]

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: [about Setsuko] She never woke up again.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ [Setsuko's final words] Setsuko: Seita. Thank you.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ [last lines] Seita: [to Setsuko] Time for bed.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: I don't need anything. Please stay home with me. Don't go! Don't go! Don't go!

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: Seita, should I get a doctor? Why did he hurt you?

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Wow, Setsuko, you're rich.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ [while swimming in the ocean] Setsuko: It's a huge bathtub!

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Rain, rain, fall, fall. So happy my big brother came with an umbrella to take me home. Setsuko: Rain, rain, fall, fall. So happy my big brother came with an umbrella to take me home.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: Seita, is our house gone too? Seita: Probably...

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Everything is gone.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Then, I'll never ever leave. I'll always be with you.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: I'm sorry! Please let go of me! Only wanted some sugar for my sick sister

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: See? It's watermelon. I didn't have to steal this either.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: Seita, this is for you. It's steamed rice. Here's some cooked soy pulp. Please eat. You're not having any?

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: I can taste so many flavors!

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: We don't have a home. It was burned.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: This will be the kitchen!

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Heard you can eat those, too.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Look it's a hairpin.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Now, let's see a firefly show!

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: Seita. Water.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: I hate the shelter. Seita: Well, you'll be sorry if you get blown up by a bomb.

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Setsuko: I lost a shoe! Seita: Don't worry, I'll buy you the better ones!

§Grave of the Fireflies ¤ Seita: Look! It's rice, Setsuko!

§The Usual Suspects ¤ [last lines] Verbal: After that my guess is that you will never hear from him again. The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did not exist. And like that... he is gone.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Dave Kujan: Do you believe in him, Verbal? Verbal: Keaton always said, "I don't believe in God, but I'm afraid of him." Well I believe in God, and the only thing that scares me is Keyser Soze.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: [59:09] Who is Keyser Soze? He is supposed to be Turkish. Some say his father was German. Nobody believed he was real. Nobody ever saw him or knew anybody that ever worked directly for him, but to hear Kobayashi tell it, anybody could have worked for Soze. You never knew. That was his power. The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist. And like that, poof. He's gone.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ [suspects in a lineup are asked to read a phrase] Interrogation Cop: Number 1, step forward. Hockney: Hand me the keys, you fucking cocksucker. Interrogation Cop: Number 2, step forward. McManus: Give me the fucking keys, you fucking cocksucking motherfucker, aaarrrghh. Interrogation Cop: Knock it off. Get back. Number 3, step forward. Fenster: [laughing] Hand me the keys, you cocksucker. Interrogation Cop: In English, please? Fenster: Excuse me? Interrogation Cop: In English. Fenster: Hand me the fucking keys, you cocksucker, what the fuck?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Kobayashi: One cannot be betrayed if one has no people.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: How do you shoot the devil in the back? What if you miss?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: A man can convince anyone he's somebody else, but never himself.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Arkosh Kovash: [in Hungarian] Why are you just standing there, you idiot? I'm not speaking English am I? Wouldn't it make sense to find someone who could talk to me so you could find the person that set me on fire, perhaps? He is the Devil. You've never seen anyone like Keyser Soze in all your miserable life, you idiot. Keyser Soze. Do you at least understand that? Keyser Soze. The Devil himself. Or are you American policemen so stupid that you haven't even heard of him? Keyser Soze, you ridiculous man. KEYSER SOZE.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Hockney: What about it, pretzel man? What's your story? Keaton: His name's Verbal. Verbal Kint. McManus: Verbal? Keaton: Yeah. Verbal: 'Roger', really. People say I talk too much. Hockney: Yeah, I was just gonna tell you to shut up.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Fenster: You do some time, they never let you go. They treat me like a criminal. I'll end up a criminal. Hockney: You are a criminal. Fenster: Why you gotta go and do that? I'm trying to make a point.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ [about Keyser Soze] Verbal: Then he showed those men of will what will really was.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Interrogation Cop: I can put you in Queens on the night of the hijacking. Hockney: Really? I live in Queens. Did you put that together yourself, Einstein? What, do you got a team of monkeys working around the clock on this?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ [in interrogation room] Interrogation Cop: You know what happens if you do another turn in the joint? Hockney: Fuck your father in the shower and then have a snack? Are you going to charge me dickhead?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Dave Kujan: First day on the job, you know what I learned? How to spot a murderer. Let's say you arrest three guys for the same killing. You put them all in jail overnight. The next morning, whoever's sleeping is your man. You see, if you're guilty, you know you're caught, you get some rest, you let your guard down.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ [after being strip-searched] Fenster: Man, I had a finger up my asshole tonight. Hockney: Is it Friday already?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: [25:41] Back when I was picking beans in Guatemala, we used to make fresh coffee, right off the trees I mean. That was good. This is shit but, hey, I'm in a police station.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ [first lines] Keyser Soze: How you doing Keaton? Keaton: I can't feel my legs... Keyser.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan. I mean the Devil himself. How do you shoot the Devil in the back? What if you miss?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: Who is Keyser Soze?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: What the cops never figured out, and what I know now, was that these men would never break, never lie down, never bend over for anybody. Anybody.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ cop: Todd Hockney? Hockney: Who wants to know? cop: New York Police Department. [Hockney drops his screwdriver, sighs and reaches under the body of the car] cop: Shit! Freeze! Hold it! [Hockney actually pulls out a red cloth which he uses to wipe his face] Hockney: You sure you brought enough guys?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: Where's your head, Agent Kujan? Where do you think the pressure's coming from? Keyser Soze - or whatever you want to call him - he knows where I am right now. He's got the front burner under your ass to let me go so he can scoop me up ten minutes later. Immunity was just a deal with you assholes. I got a whole new problem when I post bail. Dave Kujan: So why play into his hands? We can protect you. Verbal: Oh, gee, thanks, Dave. Bang-up job so far. Extortion, coercion. You'll pardon me if I ask you to kiss my pucker. The same fuckers that rounded us up and sank us into this mess are gonna bail me out? Fuck you. You think you can catch Keyser Soze? You think a guy like that comes this close to getting caught and sticks his head out? If he comes up for anything, it will be to get rid of me. After that... my guess is you'll never hear from him again.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: [last line of the film] And like that... he's gone.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: He lets the last Hungarian go. He waits until his wife and kids are in the ground and then he goes after the rest of the mob. He kills their kids, he kills their wives, he kills their parents and their parents' friends. He burns down the houses they live in and the stores they work in, he kills people that owe them money. And like that he was gone. Underground. Nobody has ever seen him since. He becomes a myth, a spook story that criminals tell their kids at night. "Rat on your pop, and Keyser Soze will get you." And no-one ever really believes.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: To a cop the explanation is never that complicated. It's always simple. There's no mystery to the street, no arch criminal behind it all. If you got a dead body and you think his brother did it, you're gonna find out you're right.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ McManus: Old McDonald had a farm ee i ee i o. And on that farm he shot some guys. Badda boom badda bing bang boom.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Jeff Rabin: I'm telling you this guy is protected from up on high by the Prince of Darkness.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: [to Kujan] If I told you the Loch Ness monster hired me to hit the harbor, what would you say?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: [Emotionally as he leaves Kajun and the office] Fuckin' cops!

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: [referring to Rabin] That guy is tense. Tension is a killer. I used to be in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois. The baritone was this guy named Kip Diskin, big fat guy, I mean, like, orca fat. He was so stressed in the morning... Dave Kujan: Verbal, you know we're trying to help you. Verbal: Sure, and I appreciate that. And I wanna help you, Agent Kujan. I like cops. I would've liked to have been a fed myself, but my CP... Dave Kujan: Verbal, you're not telling us everything. I know you know something. Verbal: I told the DA everything I know. Dave Kujan: Verbal, I know you like Keaton. I know you think he's a good man. Verbal: I know he was good. Dave Kujan: He was a corrupt cop. Verbal: Sure, 15 years ago, but he was a good thief. Anyway, the cops wouldn't let him go legit. Dave Kujan: Dean Keaton was a piece of shit. Verbal: Are you trying to get a rise out of me, Agent Kujan? Dave Kujan: I just wanna hear your story. Verbal: It's all there. May I have a cigarette?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Keaton: This whole thing was a shakedown. McManus: What makes you say that? Keaton: How many times you been in a lineup? It's always you and four dummies. PD are paying homeless guys $10 a head half the time. And there's no way they'd line five felons in the same row. No way. And what's a - What's a voice lineup? Public defender could get you out of that one.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Dave Kujan: Keaton was Keyser Söze! Verbal: Noo! Dave Kujan: The kind of man who can wrangle the wills of men like Hockney and McManus. The kind of man who could engineer a police line-up, for all these years of contacts in NYPD. The kind of man who could kill Edie Finneran. [3 seconds of silence] Dave Kujan: She was found yesterday in a hotel in Pennsylvania, shot twice in the head.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Dave Kujan: You know a dealer named Ruby Deamer, Verbal? Verbal: You know a religious guy named John Paul? Dave Kujan: You know Ruby's in Attica? Verbal: He didn't have my lawyer.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Keaton: I'm a businessman now. Interrogation Cop: Yeah? What's that, the restaurant business? No. From now on, you're in the gettin'-fucked-by-us business.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Jack Baer, FBI: They tell me you got the cripple from New York in there. He mention Keyser Soze? Dave Kujan: Who? Jack Baer, FBI: Bear with me here... Dave Kujan: [Kujan bursts into Rabin's office] Who's Keyser Soze? Verbal: Ohhh, fuck!

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Fenster: The way I hear it, Soze is some kind of butcher. A peerless, psycho, fucked-up butcher.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Dave Kujan: Of course, I can't prove this. But I can't prove the best part either... Dean Keaton was dead. Did you know that? He died in a fire two years ago during the investigation into the murder of a witness who was going to testify against him. Two people watched Dean Keaton walk into a warehouse he owned just before it blew up. They said he went in to check a leaking gas main. It blew up and took all of Dean Keaton with it. Within three months of the explosion, the two witnesses, they were dead. One killed himself in his car; the other fell down an open elevator shaft.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ McManus: What am I supposed to do with that? [McManus throws bag of heroin at Redfoot. Redfoot catches it] Redfoot the Fence: I don't know, feed it to the gimp. Ease his pain; I don't know what that is. [Redfoot throws bag at Verbal] McManus: What do you mean you don't know? [Keaton lays a hand on McManus] Keaton: Shut up. Redfoot the Fence: I don't know. I got thrown this job by some lawyer. Keaton: Yeah? Who? Redfoot the Fence: I don't know. Some limey. He's a middleman for someone, OK? He doesn't say, I don't ask. McManus: You're full of shit. Redfoot the Fence: Fuck you. McManus: Fuck you. Keaton: Listen to me. We want to meet him. OK? Redfoot the Fence: That's funny. He called me last night, he says he wants to meet you guys. Keaton: OK. We'll meet him. Good. Do that. No problem. Let's go. [Keaton turns around, ready to leave. McManus grabs him] McManus: I don't like it, Dean. I don't like it. Wait a minute. One more thing, tough guy. Any more surprises, and I'm gonna kill you. Redfoot the Fence: You're such a tough guy, McManus. Do me a favour, right. Get the fuck off my dick. [Redfoot flicks his cigarette butt at McManus and it lands on McManus's eye] McManus: Fuck! [McManus lunges at him in rage and has to be restrained by Keaton] Redfoot the Fence: Put a leash on that puppy. You know, it's an awful shame about Saul gettin' whacked. Cops'll be looking for the guys who did it. Sooner or later they're gonna come around asking me. You have a sweet night, ladies.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: McManus came to us with the job, Fenster got the vans, Hockney supplied the hardware, I came through with how to do it so no one got killed, but Keaton... Keaton put on the finishing touch. A little 'fuck you' from the five of us to the NYPD.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: It didn't make sense that I'd be there. I mean, these guys were hard-core hijackers, but there I was. At that point I wasn't scared, I knew I hadn't done anything they could do me for. Besides, it was fun. I got to make like I was notorious.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Kobayashi: Get your rest, Gentlemen. The boat will be ready for you on Friday. If I see you or any of your friends before then, Miss. Finneran will find herself the victim of a most gruesome violation before she dies. As will your father, Mr. Hockney. and your Uncle Randall in Arizona, Mr. Kint. I might only castrate Mr. McManus's nephew, David. Do I make myself clear?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Arturro Marquez: He's here! I *know* he's here! That's him, I'm telling you that's him! You hear me? I'm telling you it's *Keyser Soze*!

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Hockney: [Sarcastically as a plethora of cops come in to arrest him] Sre you sure you brought enough guys?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Fenster: [TV Edit] Hand me the keys, you fairy godmother.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Kobayashi: Mr. Redfoot knew nothing. Mr. Soze rarely works with the same people for very long, and they never know who they're working for. One cannot be betrayed if one has no people. Fenster: So why are you telling us? Kobayashi: Because you have stolen from Mr.Soze, Mr Fenster. All of you. That you did not know you stole from him is the only reason you are still alive. He feels you owe him. You will repay your debt. Hockney: All right, fuck the debt. And fuck you! How do we know you work for Soze? Kobayashi: I don't think that is very relevant, Mr Hockney. All five of you are responsible for the murder of Saul Berg and his bodyguards. Mr. Redfoot can testify to your involvement, and we can see to it that he will.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Verbal: The DA gave me immunity. Dave Kujan: Not from me. You get no immunity from me, you piece of shit. Every criminal I have put in prison, every cop that owes me a favor, every creep and scumbag that walks the streets for a living will know the name of Verbal Kint. Now you talk to me, or that precious immunity they seem so fit to grant you won't be worth the paper the contract put out on your life is printed on.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Dave Kujan: A rumor's not a rumor that doesn't die... Jeff Rabin: What? Dave Kujan: Nothing.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Interrogation Cop: What are you saying? Fenster: I said he'll flip you. Interrogation Cop: He'll what? Fenster: Flip you. Flip ya for real.

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Fenster: I don't know anything about no fuckin' truck. Interrogation Cop: Oh, yeah? Well, your friend McManus told us a different story altogether. Fenster: Oh, is that the one about the hooker with the dysentery?

§The Usual Suspects ¤ Keaton: McManus. What the fuck is going on? McManus: The strangest thing...

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: What befalls others today, may be your own fate tomorrow.

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: Swordsmanship untested in battle is like the art of swimming mastered on land.

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: The suspicious mind conjures its own demons.

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: After all, this thing we call samurai honor is ultimately nothing but a facade.

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: The greatest delicacies taste of nothing when one dines alone.

§Harakiri ¤ [repeated line] Hanshiro Tsugumo: Motome Chijiiwa was a man of some acquaintance to me.

§Harakiri ¤ Kageyu Saito: The ronin from Hiroshima, Hanshiro Tsugumo, committed hara kiri. All our own men died of illness. The house of Iyi has no retainers who could be felled or wounded by some half-starved ronin.

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: When my master's house fell we immediately left the domain and moved to Edo. The streets of Edo were crowded with ronin - flotsam from the Battle of Sekigahara. In former times, other clans would have gladly taken in any ronin who'd earned a name for himself. But in an era no longer in need of warriors or horses, so peaceful that no wind even rustled the leaves on the trees, it was a constant struggle simply to find a meal. Indeed, it shames me to recall our miserable lives of these last eight or nine years.

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: Who can fathom the depths of another man's heart?

§Harakiri ¤ Kageyu Saito: This world does not bend to sentimental tales.

§Harakiri ¤ Hanshiro Tsugumo: When all is said and done, our lives are like houses built on foundations of sand. One strong wind and all is gone.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, she walks into mine.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: What in heaven's name brought you to Casablanca? Rick: My health. I came to Casablanca for the waters. Captain Renault: The waters? What waters? We're in the desert. Rick: I was misinformed.

§Casablanca ¤ [last lines] Rick: Louie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.

§Casablanca ¤ [repeated line] Rick: Here's looking at you, kid.

§Casablanca ¤ Major Strasser: What is your nationality? Rick: I'm a drunkard. Captain Renault: That makes Rick a citizen of the world. [all laugh]

§Casablanca ¤ Yvonne: Where were you last night? Rick: That's so long ago, I don't remember. Yvonne: Will I see you tonight? Rick: I never make plans that far ahead.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: And remember, this gun is pointed right at your heart. Captain Renault: That is my *least* vulnerable spot.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: How can you close me up? On what grounds? Captain Renault: I'm shocked! Shocked to find that gambling is going on in here. [a croupier hands Renault a pile of money] Croupier: Your winnings, sir. Captain Renault: [sotto voce] Oh, thank you very much. [aloud] Captain Renault: Everybody out at once.

§Casablanca ¤ Ilsa: I wasn't sure you were the same. Let's see, the last time we met... Rick: Was La Belle Aurore. Ilsa: How nice, you remembered. But of course, that was the day the Germans marched into Paris. Rick: Not an easy day to forget. Ilsa: No. Rick: I remember every detail. The Germans wore gray, you wore blue.

§Casablanca ¤ [Ugarte sells exit visas] Ugarte: You despise me, don't you? Rick: If I gave you any thought I probably would.

§Casablanca ¤ Major Strasser: Are you one of those people who cannot imagine the Germans in their beloved Paris? Rick: It's not particularly my beloved Paris. Heinz: Can you imagine us in London? Rick: When you get there, ask me! Captain Renault: Hmmh! Diplomatist! Major Strasser: How about New York? Rick: Well there are certain sections of New York, Major, that I wouldn't advise you to try to invade.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: Last night we said a great many things. You said I was to do the thinking for both of us. Well, I've done a lot of it since then, and it all adds up to one thing: you're getting on that plane with Victor where you belong. Ilsa: But, Richard, no, I... I... Rick: Now, you've got to listen to me! You have any idea what you'd have to look forward to if you stayed here? Nine chances out of ten, we'd both wind up in a concentration camp. Isn't that true, Louie? Captain Renault: I'm afraid Major Strasser would insist. Ilsa: You're saying this only to make me go. Rick: I'm saying it because it's true. Inside of us, we both know you belong with Victor. You're part of his work, the thing that keeps him going. If that plane leaves the ground and you're not with him, you'll regret it. Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow, but soon and for the rest of your life. Ilsa: But what about us? Rick: We'll always have Paris. We didn't have, we, we lost it until you came to Casablanca. We got it back last night. Ilsa: When I said I would never leave you. Rick: And you never will. But I've got a job to do, too. Where I'm going, you can't follow. What I've got to do, you can't be any part of. Ilsa, I'm no good at being noble, but it doesn't take much to see that the problems of three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world. Someday you'll understand that. [Ilsa lowers her head and begins to cry] Rick: Now, now... [Rick gently places his hand under her chin and raises it so their eyes meet] Rick: Here's looking at you kid.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: Don't you sometimes wonder if it's worth all this? I mean what you're fighting for. Victor Laszlo: You might as well question why we breathe. If we stop breathing, we'll die. If we stop fighting our enemies, the world will die. Rick: Well, what of it? It'll be out of its misery. Victor Laszlo: You know how you sound, Mr. Blaine? Like a man who's trying to convince himself of something he doesn't believe in his heart.

§Casablanca ¤ Mr. Leuchtag: Come sit down. Have a brandy with us. Mrs. Leuchtag: To celebrate our leaving for America tomorrow. Carl: Oh, thank you very much. I thought you would ask me, so I brought the good brandy. And - a third glass! Mrs. Leuchtag: At last the day is came! Mr. Leuchtag: Mareichtag and I are speaking nothing but English now. Mrs. Leuchtag: So we should feel at home when we get to America. Carl: Very nice idea, mm-hmm. Mr. Leuchtag: [toasting] To America! Mrs. Leuchtag: To America! Carl: To America! Mr. Leuchtag: Liebchen - sweetness heart, what watch? Mrs. Leuchtag: Ten watch. Mr. Leuchtag: Such much? Carl: Hm. You will get along beautiful in America, mm-hmm.

§Casablanca ¤ Ilsa: Kiss me. Kiss me as if it were the last time.

§Casablanca ¤ Ilsa: Play it once, Sam. For old times' sake. Sam: [lying] I don't know what you mean, Miss Ilsa. Ilsa: Play it, Sam. Play "As Time Goes By." Sam: [lying] Oh, I can't remember it, Miss Ilsa. I'm a little rusty on it. Ilsa: I'll hum it for you. Da-dy-da-dy-da-dum, da-dy-da-dee-da-dum... [Sam begins playing] Ilsa: Sing it, Sam. Sam: [singing] You must remember this / A kiss is still a kiss / A sigh is just a sigh / The fundamental things apply / As time goes by. / And when two lovers woo, / They still say, "I love you" / On that you can rely / No matter what the future brings-... Rick: [rushing up] Sam, I thought I told you never to play-... [Sees Ilsa. Sam closes the piano and rolls it away]

§Casablanca ¤ [about Rick] Major Strasser: You give him credit for too much cleverness. My impression was that he's just another blundering American. Captain Renault: We musn't underestimate "American blundering". I was with them when they "blundered" into Berlin in 1918.

§Casablanca ¤ Ugarte: You know, Rick, I have many a friend in Casablanca, but somehow, just because you despise me, you are the only one I trust.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: Major Strasser has been shot... round up the usual suspects.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: I congratulate you. Victor Laszlo: What for? Rick: Your work. Victor Laszlo: I try. Rick: We *all* "try"; *You* succeed!

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: You know what I want to hear. Sam: [lying] No, I don't. Rick: You played it for her, you can play it for me! Sam: [lying] Well, I don't think I can remember... Rick: If she can stand it, I can! Play it!

§Casablanca ¤ [repeated line] Rick: I stick my neck out for nobody!

§Casablanca ¤ Victor Laszlo: Everything is in order. Rick: All except one thing. There's something you should know before you leave. Victor Laszlo: Mr. Blaine, I don't ask you to explain anything. Rick: I'm going to anyway because it may make a difference to you later on. You said you knew about Ilsa and me. Victor Laszlo: Yes. Rick: What you didn't know was that she was at my place last night when you were. She came there for the letters of transit. Isn't that true, Ilsa? Ilsa: Yes. Rick: She tried everything to get them and nothing worked. She did her best to convince me she was still in love with me but that was over long ago. For your sake she pretended it wasn't and I let her pretend. Victor Laszlo: I understand. Rick: Here it is. [hands Lazlo the letters of transit] Victor Laszlo: Thanks. I appreciate it. Welcome back to the fight. This time I *know* our side will win. [airplane engines start] Victor Laszlo: Are you ready, Ilsa? Ilsa: Yes, I'm ready. Good-bye Rick. God bless you. Rick: You better hurry. You'll miss that plane.

§Casablanca ¤ Major Strasser: [arriving too late to stop Victor Laszlo from escaping] What was the meaning of that phone call? Captain Renault: [pointing to the plane] Victor Laszlo is on that plane. Major Strasser: [after looking at the plane] Why do you stand here? Why don't you stop him? Captain Renault: Ask Monsieur Rick. Rick: [sees Strasser begin to move toward the telephone, and draws a gun] Get away from that phone! Major Strasser: I would advise you not to interfere. Rick: I was willing to shoot Captain Renault and I'm willing to shoot you. Major Strasser: [picks up the telephone] Hello? Rick: Put that phone down! Major Strasser: Get me the radio tower. Rick: PUT IT DOWN! [Strasser draws a gun, he and Rick both fire simultaneously, Strasser falls mortally wounded, shortly afterward, some police arrive on the scene] Captain Renault: Major Strasser has been shot. [Renault looks at Rick, Rick gives him a look] Captain Renault: Round up the usual suspects. [the police pick up Major Strasser's body and leave, Renault looks over at Rick, who is smiling]

§Casablanca ¤ Berger: We read five times that you were killed, in five different places. Victor Laszlo: As you can see, it was true every single time.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: Who are you really, and what were you before? What did you do and what did you think, huh? Ilsa: We said no questions. Rick: ...Here's looking at you, kid.

§Casablanca ¤ Annina: Monsieur Rick, what kind of a man is Captain Renault? Rick: Oh, just like any other man, only more so.

§Casablanca ¤ Senor Ferrari: I might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca, and the Germans have outlawed miracles.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: I've often speculated why you don't return to America. Did you abscond with the church funds? Run off with a senator's wife? I like to think you killed a man. It's the Romantic in me. Rick: It was a combination of all three.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: By the way, last night you evinced an interest in Señor Ugarte. Victor Laszlo: Yes. Captain Renault: I believe you have a message for him? Victor Laszlo: Nothing important, but may I speak to him now? Major Heinrich Strasser: You would find the conversation a trifle one-sided. Señor Ugarte is dead. Ilsa: Oh. Captain Renault: I am making out the report now. We haven't quite decided yet whether he committed suicide or died trying to escape.

§Casablanca ¤ Sam: Boss, ain't you going to bed? Rick: Not right now. Sam: Ain't you planning on going to bed in the near future? Rick: No. Sam: You ever going to bed? Rick: No! Sam: Well, I ain't sleepy either.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: Alright, I'll make it easier for you- [walks closer to Ilsa] Rick: Go ahead and shoot. You'll be doing me a favor.

§Casablanca ¤ Victor Laszlo: Play the "Marseillaise."... Play it!

§Casablanca ¤ [Rick and Renault discussing Victor Laszlo's chances of escaping Casablanca] Captain Renault: This is the end of the chase. Rick: Twenty thousand francs says it isn't. Captain Renault: Is that a serious offer? Rick: I just paid out twenty. I'd like to get it back. Captain Renault: Make it ten. I'm only a poor corrupt official.

§Casablanca ¤ [Annina is contemplating Renault's offer of exit visas for sex] Annina: Oh, monsieur, you are a man. If someone loved you very much, so that your happiness was the only thing that she wanted in the world, but she did a bad thing to make certain of it, could you forgive her? Rick: Nobody ever loved me that much. Annina: And he never knew, and the girl kept this bad thing locked in her heart? That would be all right, wouldn't it? Rick: You want my advice? Annina: Oh, yes, please. Rick: Go back to Bulgaria.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: Carl, see that Major Strasser gets a good table, one close to the ladies. Carl: I have already given him the best, knowing that he is German and would take it anyway.

§Casablanca ¤ [as he goes to hand Renault a bribe] Jan Brandel: Captain Renault... may I? Captain Renault: Oh no! Not here please! Come to my office tomorrow morning. We'll do everything businesslike. Jan Brandel: We'll be there at six! Captain Renault: I'll be there at ten.

§Casablanca ¤ Ilsa: Rick, I have to talk to you. Rick: [Rick is drunk] Uh-huh. I saved my first drink to have with you. Here. [passes her a drink] Ilsa: No. No, Rick, not tonight. Rick: *Especially* tonight. Ilsa: Please... [he pours a drink] Rick: Why did you have to come to Casablanca? There are other places. Ilsa: I wouldn't have come if I'd known that you were here. Believe me Rick, it's true I didn't know... Rick: It's funny about your voice, how it hasn't changed. I can still hear it. "Richard, dear, I'll go with you anyplace. We'll get on a train together and never stop - " Ilsa: Don't, Rick! I can understand how you feel. Rick: [scoffs] You understand how I feel. How long was it we had, honey? Ilsa: [on the verge of tears] I didn't count the days. Rick: Well, I did. Every one of 'em. Mostly I remember the last one. The wow finish. A guy standing on a station platform in the rain with a comical look in his face because his insides have been kicked out. Ilsa: Can I tell you a story, Rick? Rick: Has it got a wow finish? Ilsa: I don't know the finish yet. Rick: Well, go on. Tell it - maybe one will come to you as you go along. Ilsa: It's about a girl who had just come to Paris from her home in Oslo. At the house of some friends, she met a man about whom she'd heard her whole life. A very great and courageous man. He opened up for her a whole beautiful world full of knowledge and thoughts and ideals. Everything she knew or ever became was because of him. And she looked up to him and worshiped him... with a feeling she supposed was love. Rick: [bitterly] Yes, it's very pretty. I heard a story once - as a matter of fact, I've heard a lot of stories in my time. They went along with the sound of a tinny piano playing in the parlor downstairs. "Mister, I met a man once when I was a kid," it always began. [laughs] Rick: Well, I guess neither one of our stories is very funny. Tell me, who was it you left me for? Was it Lazlo, or were there others in between or... aren't you the kind that tells? [Ilsa tearfully and silently leaves. Rick's face falls in his hands sadly, knowing that he's said all the wrong things]

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: Oh no, Emil, please. A bottle of your best champagne, and put it on my bill. Emil: Very well, sir. Victor Laszlo: Captain, please... Captain Renault: Oh, please, monsieur. It is a little game we play. They put it on the bill, I tear up the bill. It is very convenient.

§Casablanca ¤ Major Strasser: We have a complete dossier on you: Richard Blaine, American, age 37. Cannot return to his country. The reason is a little vague. We also know what you did in Paris, Mr. Blaine, and also we know why you left Paris. [hands the dossier to Rick] Major Strasser: Don't worry, we are not going to broadcast it. Rick: [reading] Are my eyes really brown?

§Casablanca ¤ [denying an official of the German National Bank entrance to the casino] Rick: Your cash is good at the bar. Banker: What? Do you know who I am? Rick: I do. You're lucky the *bar's* open to you.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: Rick, there are many exit visas sold in this café, but we know that *you've* never sold one. That is the reason we permit you to remain open. Rick: Oh? I thought it was because I let you win at roulette. Captain Renault: That is *another* reason.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca with less scruples than I.

§Casablanca ¤ Ugarte: Well, Rick, after tonight, I'll be through with the whole business and I am leaving finally this Casablanca. Rick: Who did you bribe for your visa? Renault or yourself? Ugarte: Myself. I found myself much more reasonable.

§Casablanca ¤ Ilsa: A franc for your thoughts. Rick: In America they'd bring only a penny, and, huh, I guess that's about all they're worth. Ilsa: Well, I'm willing to be overcharged. Tell me. Rick: Well, I was wondering... Ilsa: Yes? Rick: Why I'm so lucky. Why I should find you waiting for me to come along. Ilsa: Why there is no other man in my life? Rick: Uh-huh. Ilsa: That's easy: there was. And he's dead.

§Casablanca ¤ Ilsa: Who is Rick? Captain Renault: Mamoiselle, you are in Rick's! And Rick is... Ilsa: Who is he? Captain Renault: Well, Rick is the kind of man that... well, if I were a woman, and I were not around, I should be in love with Rick. But what a fool I am talking to a beautiful woman about another man.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: In 1935, you ran guns to Ethiopia. In 1936, you fought in Spain, on the Loyalist side. Rick: I got well paid for it on both occasions. Captain Renault: The *winning* side would have paid you *much better*.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: *I'm* the only "cause" I'm interested in.

§Casablanca ¤ Captain Renault: [after Rick pulls a gun on him] Have you lost your mind? Rick: I have. Sit down! Captain Renault: Put that gun down! Rick: I don't want to shoot you, but I will if you take one more step! Captain Renault: [With amusement] Under the circumstances I will sit down.

§Casablanca ¤ Rick: If it's December 1941 in Casablanca, what time is it in New York? Sam: What? My watch stopped. Rick: I'd bet they're asleep in New York. I'd bet they're asleep all over America.

§The Intouchables ¤ Philippe: My true disability is not having to be in a wheel chair. It's having to be without her.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: Where do you find a paraplegic? Philippe: I don't know. Driss: Where you leave him.

§The Intouchables ¤ Philippe: Tell me Driss, why do you think people are interested in art? Driss: I don't know, it's a business? Philippe: No. That's because it's the only thing one leaves behind

§The Intouchables ¤ Philippe: [Driss shaves François beard turning into a weird mustache] Oh, it's awful. [moments later, it's turned into a old-fashioned mustache] Philippe: I look like my grandpa. Driss: Okay. Let me shave the rest off. Philippe: [François now has a Hitler mustache] No, come on. Driss: That's not funny, no? Philippe: Don't you mean "nein"? [does a German gibberish, they both laugh later on]

§The Intouchables ¤ [Orchestra plays next symphony] Driss: Oh I know this one. Everyone know it. Of course. [mockingly] Driss: You have reached the Paris unemployment agency. All our lines are currently busy. The estimated waiting time is two years.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: 100 euros says I can lose them. Philippe: You're on.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: I'm not going in there, even you! I'm not gonna lead you in the back like a horse.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: [after listening to classical music] We listened to your classics. Now it's time to listen to mine. [plays Earth Wind & Fire]

§The Intouchables ¤ Philippe: Hope well and have well.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: Guys from the north drink so much, they're all beating their ladies. She'll see there's no risk with you. [Philippe chuckles]

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: It's not about being ready. I do not do that. I don't empty a stranger's butt. I don't even empty a friend's butt. I usually don't empty butts. It's a matter of principles.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: What a seducer! He's epistoling like a boss.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: So if you have red ears, it means you're turned on? Philippe: That's it. Sometimes I even wake up with hard lobes. [Both laugh] Driss: Both of them? [They laugh even harder]

§The Intouchables ¤ [Orchestra plays next symphony] Driss: Isn't it Tom and Jerry? Philippe: [resisting to laugh] Tom and Jerry. What a rascal. Help.

§The Intouchables ¤ [while Driss is shaving Philippe, the razor near his jugular] Philippe: A quick cut would settle it. Driss: You're in great shape. I love it.

§The Intouchables ¤ [repeated line] Driss: She got the hots for me.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: Can't the motivation sign for you? Philippe: No no no, Magalie can't do that. Driss: It's a shame. She could have dropped in her number as well.

§The Intouchables ¤ Philippe: [teasing] What's the matter, you're dealing with the stockings, you have a cute little earring, I think it's coherent. Driss: Easy on the sass, alright. [Philippe laughs]

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: [in hysterics at the opera] It's a tree! It's a singing tree! Ha ha ha ha! It's German! He's singing in German!

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: You can't buy this crap! It's not possible. Philippe: It's possibe. Driss: The guy wants 30 rand for a nosebleed! Philippe: Tell me, Driss, why are people interested in art? Driss: It's all business , I guess. Philippe: No. It's the trace of our passage on this earth.

§The Intouchables ¤ Driss: How about a hooker file? [He smiles. Philippe looks unimpressed]

§The Intouchables ¤ [first lines] Driss: [while driving] Outta the way.

§The Intouchables ¤ [repeated line] Elisa: Leave me alone.

§The Intouchables ¤ Bastien - dit le Plumeau: Hi. Where can I find a beer? Driss: How about in your wig?

§Modern Times ¤ A gamin: [Last lines] What's the use of trying? A factory worker: Buck up - never say die. We'll get along!

§Modern Times ¤ [Listening to a phonograph record] The Mechanical Salesman: Good morning, my friends. This record comes to you through the Sales Talk Transcription Company, Incorporated: your speaker, the Mechanical Salesman. May I take the pleasure of introducing Mr. J. Widdecombe Billows, the inventor of the Billows Feeding Machine, a practical device which automatically feeds your men while at work? Don't stop for lunch: be ahead of your competitor. The Billows Feeding Machine will eliminate the lunch hour, increase your production, and decrease your overhead. Allow us to point out some of the features of this wonderful machine: its beautiful, aerodynamic, streamlined body; its smoothness of action, made silent by our electro-porous metal ball bearings. Let us acquaint you with our automaton soup plate - its compressed-air blower, no breath necessary, no energy required to cool the soup. Notice the revolving plate with the automatic food pusher. Observe our counter-shaft, double-knee-action corn feeder, with its synchro-mesh transmission, which enables you to shift from high to low gear by the mere tip of the tongue. Then there is the hydro-compressed, sterilized mouth wiper: its factors of control insure against spots on the shirt front. These are but a few of the delightful features of the Billows Feeding Machine. Let us demonstrate with one of your workers, for actions speak louder than words. Remember, if you wish to keep ahead of your competitor, you cannot afford to ignore the importance of the Billows Feeding Machine.

§Modern Times ¤ A factory worker: Where do you live? A gamin: No place - anywhere.

§Modern Times ¤ President of the Electro Steel Corp.: [from the Telescreen in the restroom to the factory worker] Hey! Quit stalling, get back to work! Go on!

§Modern Times ¤ Opening Title Card: "Modern Times." A story of industry, of individual enterprise - humanity crusading in the pursuit of happiness.

§Modern Times ¤ A factory worker: [to A gamin] Can you imagine us in a little home like that? [dream sequence] A factory worker: I'll do it! We'll get a home, even if I have to work for it.

§Modern Times ¤ Title Card: Searching for smuggled "nose-powder."

§Modern Times ¤ Big Bill: We ain't burglars - we're hungry.

§Modern Times ¤ A Gamin: [about the dead man, clearly mouthing] It's my father!

§Modern Times ¤ [first lines] President of the Electro Steel Corp.: Section 5, speed her up, 401.

§Modern Times ¤ Sheriff Couler: Well, you're a free man. A factory worker: Free? Can't I stay a little longer? I'm so happy here. Sheriff Couler: This letter will help you to get work. Now make good.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Living here day by day, you think it's the center of the world. You believe nothing will ever change. Then you leave: a year, two years. When you come back, everything's changed. The thread's broken. What you came to find isn't there. What was yours is gone. You have to go away for a long time... many years... before you can come back and find your people. The land where you were born. But now, no. It's not possible. Right now you're blinder than I am. Salvatore: Who said that? Gary Cooper? James Stewart? Henry Fonda? Eh? Alfredo: No, Toto. Nobody said it. This time it's all me. Life isn't like in the movies. Life... is much harder.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Get out of here! Go back to Rome. You're young and the world is yours. I'm old. I don't want to hear you talk anymore. I want to hear others talking about you. Don't come back. Don't think about us. Don't look back. Don't write. Don't give in to nostalgia. Forget us all. If you do and you come back, don't come see me. I won't let you in my house. Understand? Salvatore: Thank you. For everything you've done for me. Alfredo: Whatever you end up doing, love it. The way you loved the projection booth when you were a little squirt.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Once upon a time, a king gave a feast. And there came the most beautiful princesses of the realm. Now, a soldier, who was standing guard, saw the king's daughter go by. She was the most beautiful one, and he immediately fell in love with her. But what could a poor soldier do when it came to the daughter of the king? Well, finally, one day, he managed to meet her, and he told her that he could no longer live without her. The princess was so impressed by his strong feelings that she said to the soldier: "If you can wait 100 days and 100 nights under my balcony, then at the end of it, I shall be yours." Damn! The soldier immediately went there and waited one day. And two days. And ten. And then twenty. And every evening, the princess looked out of her window, but he never moved. During rain, during wind, during snow, he was always there. The bird shat on his head, and the bees stung him, but he didn't budge. After ninety nights, he had become all dried up, all white, and the tears streamed from his eyes. He couldn't hold them back. He no longer had the strength to sleep. All that time, the princess watched him. And on the 99th night, the soldier stood up, took his chair, and went away. Salvatore: [later in the film, Toto gives Alfredo his interpretation] ... In one more night, the princess would have been his. But she also could not possibly have kept her promise. And it would have been terrible. He would have died. This way, however, at least for 99 days, he was living under the illusion that she was there, waiting for him.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: [after informed about the arrival of the new non-combustible film] Progress always comes late.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ [to Elena] Alfredo: Out of the fire of love come ashes. Even the greatest love eventually fizzles out.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: I choose my friends for their looks, my enemies for their intelligence. You're too sly to be my friend. I always tell my children, "Be careful how you choose your friends." Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: You haven't got any children. Alfredo: When I do, I'll tell them.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Elena, perhaps in the future we could... Elena Mendola - Adult, Director's cut only: No, Salvaotre, there is no future. There is only the past. Even last night's encounter was just a dream. A wonderful dream. When we were young, we never did it. Do you remember? Now that it has happened, I can't imagine a better ending. Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: I'll never agree with you. Never.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Any room for me in this new paradise?

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: And the next time be careful how you talk. Not to take credit away from the Lord, but if I had created the world, in all modesty, certain things would have come out better. But unfortunately such was not the case.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore: They tell me you never go out and you never talk to anybody. Why? Alfredo: You know how it is. Sooner or later a time comes when it's all the same whether you talk or not. So you might as well shut up.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: "A mob doesn't think. They don't know what they're doing." Spencer Tracy said that in "Fury."

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: After all these years, I thought I was stronger, that I'd forgotten a lot of things. But, in fact, I find I'm right back where I was, as if I'd never been away.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Well, what do you say? Shall we let the poor devils see their film?

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: What's she like? Salvatore: She's very nice. My age, slim, long brown hair. Big blue eyes, honest and direct. A little beauty mark on her lip. Very small. You only see it up close. When she smiles, you feel like - I don't know. Alfredo: Love. Love. I know how it is. The blue-eyed ones are the worst. No matter what you do, they'll never be your friends. There's nothing you can do.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: The bigger the man, the deeper the footprint. And if he loves, he suffers, knowing it's a dead-end street. Salvatore: That's nice, what you just said. But sad. Alfredo: I didn't say it. It was John Wayne in "The Shepard of the Hills." Salvatore: [laughs] You old pirate!

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: With all due respect to the Lord, who made the world in two or three days - I'd have taken a bit longer; but, in all modesty, I would've done it better.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Mama, I deserted you. Ran out on you like a bandit, without any explanation. Maria Di Vita - Older: I never asked for any. You don't have to explain anything to me. I always thought you did what was right. Why dwell on it? You were right to leave. You did what you wanted to do. Every time I call you, a different woman answers. But I never heard in any of their voices that they really loved you. I would've known. All the same, I'd have liked to see you settled down in love with someone. But your life is there. Here there are only ghosts.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Life is not what you see in films. Life is much harder.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Now listen. I got into this business at age ten. Back then, we didn't have fancy machines. Movies were silent. You turned the projector by hand with a crank. All the livelong day! And that damn crank was so hard. If you got tired and slowed down a bit, like a shot - voom - everything went up in flames. Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: So why not teach me? Now that there's no crank and it's easier. Alfredo: Because I don't want to. This is no job for you. You're like a slave - and always by yourself. You see a film 100 times. You've nothing else to do. You talk to Greta Garbo and Tyrone Power like an idiot. You work like a dog. Even holidays - Easter, Christmas. You only get Good Friday off. And if they hadn't stuck Christ on a cross we'd even work then. Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: So why don't you change jobs? Alfredo: Because I'm a nitwit. Who else around here could run a projector? Nobody. It takes an imbecile like me. I never had any luck.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore 'Totò' Di Vita - Child: Don't you like anything about it? Alfredo: Oh, you get used to it. Sometimes you can hear that the house if full of people laughing and having fun. Then you're happy too. It makes you feel good to hear them.Like you're the one who made them laugh - who made them forget their troubles. That part I like.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore: When will this rotten summer end? In a film, it'd already be over. Fade-out, cut to a storm. Wouldn't that be great? [lightening strike]

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Man In Cinema: I'll make mince meat out of you!

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Salvatore, forgive me. I'll explain later what happened. Not finding you here was terrible. Unfortunately, this evening, my mother and I are leaving for Tuscany. We're moving there. But you' re the only one I love, I'll never be with anybody else, I promise. Here's the address of a girlfriend of mine where you can write to me. Don't abandon me. Love and kisses, Elena.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: When did you close it down? Spaccafico: Six years ago in May. Nobody came anymore. You know better than I, Mr. Di Vita - the economy, TV, videos. The old movie business is just a memory.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ [first lines] Maria Di Vita - Older: [in Italian] [on the phone] Maria Di Vita - Older: Yes, Salvatore di Vita. You mean you don't know him, Miss? That's right, and I'm his mother. I've been calling from Sicily, all day long. I understand, he's not there.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ [repeated line] Village Idiot: It's my square. The square is mine.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ [last lines] Salvatore 'Toto' Di Vita - Adult: Yes, of course. We'll talk later.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Salvatore: At a party, a lieutenant pinches this girl's ass. She turns around. It's the colonel's daughter. Terrified, the lieutenant says, "If your heart is as hard as what I just felt, I'm a dead man."

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: That's probably how it was meant to be. Each of us has his own destiny.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Spaccafico: This film is too highbrow for us. One day is more than enough. Load the reels for tomorrow.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Spaccafico: Hey, cheer up! I'll wait for you. Don't worry. The job'll still be here. I'll wait, you hear? Don't look so gloomy. Come on, now!

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Spaccafico: The city bought the site for a parking lot. They're demolishing it Saturday.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: How'd the rascal do it? He learned by watching.

§Cinema Paradiso ¤ Alfredo: Now that I've lost my sight, I see better... things I never saw before.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: How much do we need to bail Lisa from jail? L.B. Jefferies: Well, this is first offense burglary, that's about $250. I have $127. Stella: Lisa's handbag. Uh... 50 cents. I got $20 or so in my purse. L.B. Jefferies: And what about the rest? Stella: When those cops at the station see Lisa, they'll even contribute.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: Intelligence. Nothing has caused the human race so much trouble as intelligence.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: I wish I could be creative. L.B. Jefferies: Oh sweetie, you are. You have a great talent for creating difficult situations.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: Why would a man leave his apartment three times on a rainy night with a suitcase and come back three times? Lisa Fremont: He likes the way his wife welcomes him home.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: What's he doing? Cleaning house? L.B. Jefferies: He's washing and scrubbing down the bathroom walls. Stella: Must've splattered a lot. [both Jeff and Lisa look at Stella with disgust] Stella: Come on, that's what were all thinkin'. He killed her in there, now he has to clean up those stains before he leaves. Lisa Fremont: Stella... your choice of words! Stella: Nobody ever invented a polite word for a killin' yet.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: [into the phone] He killed a dog last night because the dog was scratching around in the garden. You know why? Because he had something buried in that garden that the dog scented. Tom Doyle: [voice] Like an old hambone? L.B. Jefferies: I don't know what pet names Thorwald had for his wife.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: She wants me to marry her. Stella: That's normal. L.B. Jefferies: I don't want to. Stella: That's abnormal.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: When am I going to see you again? Lisa Fremont: [angry] Not for a long time... [softening] Lisa Fremont: at least not until tomorrow night.

§Rear Window ¤ [regarding Jeff's telephoto lens] Stella: Mind if I use that portable keyhole?

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: I'm not much on rear window ethics.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: I can hear you now: "Get out of my life, you wonderful woman. You're too good for me."

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: Maybe one day she'll find her happiness. L.B. Jefferies: Yeah, some man'll lose his.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: How's your leg? L.B. Jefferies: Hurts a little. Lisa Fremont: Your stomach? L.B. Jefferies: Empty as a football. Lisa Fremont: And your love life? L.B. Jefferies: Not too active. Lisa Fremont: Anything else bothering you? L.B. Jefferies: Uh-huh, who are you?

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: When I married Miles, we were both a couple of maladjusted misfits. We are still maladjusted misfits, and we have loved every minute of it.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: Today's a very special day. L.B. Jefferies: It's just another run-of-the-mill Wednesday. The calendar's full of 'em.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: You heard of that market crash in '29? I predicted that. L.B. Jefferies: Oh, just how did you do that, Stella? Stella: Oh, simple. I was nursing a director of General Motors. Kidney ailment, they said. Nerves, I said. And I asked myself, "What's General Motors got to be nervous about?" Overproduction, I says; collapse. When General Motors has to go to the bathroom ten times a day, the whole country's ready to let go.

§Rear Window ¤ Gunnison: It's about time you got married, before you turn into a lonesome and bitter old man. L.B. Jefferies: Yeah, can't you just see me, rushing home to a hot apartment to listen to the automatic laundry and the electric dishwasher and the garbage disposal and the nagging wife... Gunnison: Jeff, wives don't nag anymore. They discuss. L.B. Jefferies: Oh, is that so, is that so? Well, maybe in the high-rent district they discuss. In my neighborhood they still nag.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: He's gonna run out on her, the coward. L.B. Jefferies: Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run.

§Rear Window ¤ Tom Doyle: How do you do? Lisa Fremont: We think Thorwald's guilty.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: She sure is the "eat, drink and be merry" girl. Stella: Yeah, she'll wind up fat, alcoholic and miserable.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: When two people love each other, they come together - WHAM - like two taxis on Broadway.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: The last thing Mrs. Thorwald would leave behind would be her wedding ring. Stella, do you ever leave yours at home? Stella: The only way somebody would get that would be to chop off my - finger. Let's go down to the garden and find out what's buried there. Lisa Fremont: Why not? I always wanted to meet Mrs. Thorwald.

§Rear Window ¤ Detective: [referring to what was buried in Thorwald's flower bed] He said the dog got too inquisitive, so he dug it up. It's in a hat box over in his apartment. Tom Doyle: Want to look? Stella: No thanks, I don't want any part of her.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: Those two yellow zinnias at the end, they're shorter now. Now since when do flowers grow shorter over the course of two weeks? Something's buried there. Lisa Fremont: Mrs. Thorwald! Stella: You haven't spent much time around cemeteries, have you? Mr. Thorwald could hardly bury his wife's body in plot of ground about one foot square. Unless he put her in standing on end, in which case he wouldn't need the knives and saw.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: What's a logical explanation for a woman taking a trip with no luggage? L.B. Jefferies: That she didn't know she was going on a trip and where she was going she wouldn't need any luggage. Lisa Fremont: Exactly.

§Rear Window ¤ Tom Doyle: You didn't see the killing or the body. How do you know there was a murder? L.B. Jefferies: Because everything this fellow's done has been suspicious: trips at night in the rain, knifes, saws, trunks with rope, and now this wife that isn't there anymore. Tom Doyle: I admit it does have a mysterious sound. But it could be any number of things for the wife disappearing. Murder is the least part. L.B. Jefferies: Now, Doyle, don't tell me that he's just an unemployed magician amusing the neighborhood with his sleight of hand. Don't tell me that.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: She's too perfect, she's too talented, she's too beautiful, she's too sophisticated, she's too everything but what I want. Stella: Is, um, what you want something you can discuss?

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: Would you fix me a sandwich, please? Stella: Yes, I will. And I'll spread a little common sense on the bread.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: [Jeff watching Lt. Doyle staring at Miss Torso dancing in her room] How's your wife?

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: We've become a race of Peeping Toms. What people ought to do is get outside their own house and look in for a change. Yes sir. How's that for a bit of homespun philosophy? L.B. Jefferies: Reader's Digest, April 1939. Stella: Well, I only quote from the best.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: You'd think the rain would've cooled things down. All it did was make the heat wet.

§Rear Window ¤ Stella: Every man's ready to get married when the right girl comes along.

§Rear Window ¤ [first lines] Voice on radio: Men, are you over 40? When you wake up in the morning, do you feel tired and rundown? Do you have that listless feeling... [the camera pans around the courtyard; cut to later in the day] L.B. Jefferies: [answering phone] Jefferies. Gunnison: Congratulations, Jeff! L.B. Jefferies: For what? Gunnison: For getting rid of that cast! L.B. Jefferies: Who said I was getting rid of it? Gunnison: This is Wednesday; seven weeks from the day you broke your leg. Yes or no? L.B. Jefferies: Gunnison, how did you ever get to be such a big editor with such a small memory? Gunnison: By thrift, industry, and hard work... and, uh, catching the publisher with his secretary. Did I get the wrong day? L.B. Jefferies: No... no, wrong week. *Next* Wednesday I emerge from this plaster cocoon.

§Rear Window ¤ [describing a dress] Lisa Fremont: A steal at $1,100. L.B. Jefferies: Eleven hundred? They ought to list that dress on the stock exchange.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: She's like a queen bee with her pick of the drones. Lisa Fremont: I'd say she's doing a woman's hardest job: juggling wolves.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: Why would Thorwald want to kill a little dog? Because it knew too much?

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: Jeff, you know if someone came in here, they wouldn't believe what they'd see. You and me with long faces plunged into despair because we find out a man didn't kill his wife. We're two of the most frightening ghouls I've ever known.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: You know by tomorrow morning, there may not be any evidence left in that apartment. You know that? Tom Doyle: A detective's worst nightmare. L.B. Jefferies: Well, then want do you need as probable cause for a search warrant? Bloody footprints leading up to his front door? Tom Doyle: One thing I don't need is heckling. You called me and asked for help. Now you're behaving like a taxpayer.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: Where does a man get inspiration to write a song like that? L.B. Jefferies: He gets it from the landlady once a month.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: A woman never goes anywhere but the hospital without packing makeup, clothes, and jewelry.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: According to you, people should be born, live, and die in the same place.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: A murderer would never parade his crime in front of an open window.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: [Lisa wants to be part of Jeff's globe-trotting life of adventure] You don't sleep much, you bathe even less and you'd have to eat things that you wouldn't want to look at while they were alive.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: I get myself half killed for you and you reward me by stealing my assignments. Gunnison: I didn't ask you to stand in the middle of that automobile racetrack. L.B. Jefferies: You asked for a, something dramatically different. You got it. Gunnison: So did you.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: Well, if there's one thing I know, it's how to wear the proper clothes.

§Rear Window ¤ [Thorwald forces Jeff's apartment door open and stands before him, closing the door behind him] Lars Thorwald: What do you want from me? [Jeff does not reply] Lars Thorwald: Your friend, the girl, could have turned me in. Why didn't she? [no reply] Lars Thorwald: What do you want? A lot of money? I don't have any money. [no reply] Lars Thorwald: Say something. [no reply] Lars Thorwald: Say something! Tell me what you want! [Jeff continues to remain silent] Lars Thorwald: Can you get me that ring back? L.B. Jefferies: No. Lars Thorwald: Tell her to bring it back! L.B. Jefferies: I can't. The police have it by now.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: Tell me exactly what you saw and what you think it means.

§Rear Window ¤ L.B. Jefferies: I just can't figure it. He went out several times last night in the rain carrying his sample case. Stella: Well, he's a salesman, isn't he? L.B. Jefferies: Well, what would he be selling at three o'clock in the morning? Stella: Flashlights. Luminous dials for watches. House numbers that light up.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: Oh I love funny exiting lines.

§Rear Window ¤ Lisa Fremont: You can't ignore the wife dissapearing, and the trunk, and the jewelery. Tom Doyle: I checked the railroad station. Yesterday at 6:20 am, he bought a ticket. Ten minutes later, he put his wife on a train. Destination: Meritsville. I asure you, the witnesses are that deep. Lisa Fremont: That might have been a woman, but it couldn't have been Mrs. Thorwald. That jewelery... Tom Doyle: Look, Miss Fremont, that feminine intuition stuff sells magazines, but in real life it's still a fairy tale. I don't know how many times I chased down leads based on women's intuition.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: [facing three men] And Frank? Snaky: Frank sent us. Harmonica: Did you bring a horse for me? Snaky: Well... looks like we're... [snickers] Snaky: ...looks like we're shy one horse. Harmonica: [shaking head] You brought two too many.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: By the way, you know anything about a man going around playing the harmonica? He's somebody you'd remember. Instead of talking, he plays. And when he better play, he talks.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Wobbles: You know you can trust me. Frank: Wobbles, how can you trust a man that wears both a belt and suspenders? Man can't even trust his own pants.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Morton: Not bad. Congratulations. Tell me, was it necessary that you kill all of them? I only told you to scare them! Frank: People scare better when they're dyin'.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: Morton once told me I could never be like him. Now I understand why. Wouldn't have bothered him, knowing you were around somewhere alive. Harmonica: So, you found out you're not a businessman after all. Frank: Just a man. Harmonica: An ancient race. Other Mortons'll be along, and they'll kill it off. Frank: The future don't matter to us. Nothing matters now - not the land, not the money, not the woman. I came here to see you, 'cause I know that now you'll tell me what you're after. Harmonica: Only at the point of dyin'.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: You know, Jill, you remind me of my mother. She was the biggest whore in Alameda and the finest woman that ever lived. Whoever my father was - for an hour or for a month - he must have been a happy man.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: Listen, Harmonica, a town built around a railroad - mm mm mm mmm - you could make a fortune, huh? Hundreds of thousands of dollars. Hey, more than that. Thousands of thousands. Harmonica: They call them "millions." Cheyenne: "Millions." Hm.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: I saw three of these dusters a short time ago. They were waiting for a train. Inside the dusters, there were three men. Cheyenne: So? Harmonica: Inside the men, there were three bullets. Cheyenne: That's a crazy story, Harmonica, for two reasons: One, nobody around these parts got the guts to wear those dusters except Cheyenne's men. Two, Cheyenne's men don't get killed. That surprise you? Harmonica: Yeah. Well, you know music, and you can count - all the way up to two. [Cheyenne spins the magazine of his revolver] Cheyenne: All the way up to six if I have to... Cheyenne: [gesturing to Harmonica's wound] ... and maybe faster than you.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: Keep your lovin' brother happy.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: Ma'am, it seems to me you ain't caught the idea. Jill: Of course I have. I'm here alone in the hands of a bandit who smelled money. If you want to, you can lay me over the table and amuse yourself, and even call in your men. Well, no woman ever died from that. When you're finished, all I'll need will be a tub of boiling water and I'll be exactly what I was before - with just another filthy memory! Cheyenne: [sighs] You make good coffee, at least?

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: The reward for this man is 5000 dollars, is that right? Cheyenne: Judas was content for 4970 dollars less. Harmonica: There were no dollars in them days. Cheyenne: But sons of bitches... yeah.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: Your friends have a high mortality rate, Frank. First three, then two. Frank: So, YOU'RE the one who makes appointments. Harmonica: And you're the one who doesn't keep 'em.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Jill: But... but they were his men. Harmonica: Yeah. Jill: And they tried to kill him. Harmonica: They must've found somebody who pays better. Jill: And YOU! You saved his life. Harmonica: I didn't let them kill him, and that's not the same thing.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: [to Frank, spotting a gunman above a painted clock] Time sure flies. It's already past twelve.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: [to Jill] You know what? If I was you, I'd go down there and give those boys a drink. Can't imagine how happy it makes a man to see a woman like you, just to look at her. And if one of them should, uh, pat your behind, just make believe it's nothing. They earned it.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ [Frank sits at Morton's desk] Morton: How does it feel sitting behind that desk, Frank? Frank: It's almost like holding a gun... only much more powerful.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: You don't understand, Jill. People like that have something inside... something to do with death.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ [last lines] Cheyenne: Hey, Harmonica, when they do you in, pray it's somebody who knows *where* to shoot. Go away. Go away. Go away, I don't want you to see me die.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: What do you want? Who are ya? Harmonica: Dave Jenkins. Frank: Dave Jenkins is dead a long time ago. Harmonica: Calder Benson. Frank: What's your name? Benson's dead, too. Harmonica: You ought to know, Frank, better than anyone. You killed 'em.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: They wanna hang me, the big black crows. Idiots. What the hell? I'll kill anything, but never a kid. Be like killin' a priest. Catholic priest, that is.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: Now I gotta go. Gonna be a beautiful town, Sweetwater. Jill: [with tears] I hope you'll come back someday. Harmonica: Someday.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Morton: You'll never succeed in becoming like me. Frank: Why? Morton: Because there are many things you'll never understand. [Frank draws on Morton as he pulls out money from a drawer] Morton: This is one of 'em. You see, Frank, there are many kinds of weapons, and the only one that can stop that is this. [Morton's train stops as Frank's men ride up to it] Morton: Now, shall we get back to our little problem? Frank: My weapons might look simple to you, Mr. Morton, but they can still shoot holes big enough for our little problems.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ [Frank and his gang are standing in front of Timmy McBain, after killing the other family members] Frank's lieutenant: What are we going to do with this one, Frank? Frank: Now that you've called me by name?

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: Yeah, go on. Play, Harmonica. Play, so you can't bullshit. Only watch those false notes.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: When you hear a strange sound, drop to the ground.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: Who are you? Harmonica: Jim Cooper, Chuck Youngblood. Frank: More dead men. Harmonica: They were all alive until they met you, Frank.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne's Lieutenant: Cheyenne. We thought we'd never make it. Cheyenne: It's all right. You're right on time... to bury my escort.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: Hey, what in the hell are you standing around for? Cheyenne's Lieutenant: Well, gee, what are we supposed to do? Cheyenne: What are you supposed to do? Build a station! Idiots! [tosses them pickaxes and other tools] Cheyenne: I figure it ain't gonna look like much, but it'll be the first thing she sees, when she gets back. Harmonica: [looks up] If she gets back.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Jill: [carrying around Brett's photograph] You wake up one morning and say "World, I know you. From now on there are no more surprises," and then you happen to meet a man like this, who looked like a good man - clear eyes, strong hands - and he wants to marry you, which doesn't happen often, and he says he's rich, too, which doesn't hurt.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Jill: Hey, you're sort of a handsome man. Cheyenne: But I'm not the right man. And neither is he. Jill: Maybe not. But it doesn't matter.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank's lieutenant: [seeing Morton deal out 500 dollars each to four of Frank's men as if they were playing cards] How do you, uh... how do you play this game, Mr. Morton? Morton: It's very simple. As long as you use your head, you never lose.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ [first lines] Cattle Corner Station Agent: Hey. Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you want any tickets, you'll have to go around, eh, to, eh, the front of, eh, eh... oooh, well, I s'pose it'll be all right. The hell am *I* doin' around here if they walk in and can do as they damn please?

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: Make believe it's nothing.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: [drinking coffee] Good. My mother used to make coffee this way - hot, strong, and good.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: Surprised to see me here? Harmonica: I knew you'd come.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Morton: I got on board within sight of the Atlantic, and before my eyes close I want to see the blue of the Pacific outside that window. Frank: I know where you got on. I was there too remember? To remove small obstacles from the track you said. Well there were a few.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: [about Harmonica] He not only plays. He can shoot too. Harmonica: [to Cheyenne] Do you only know how to shoot? Or do you know how to cut too?

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: You deserve better. Jill: The last man who told me that... is buried out there.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Jill: [stares at Harmonica from her window] Cheyenne. Cheyenne: Huh? Jill: What's he waiting for out there? What's he doing? Cheyenne: He's whittling on a piece of wood. I got a feeling, when he stops whittling, something's gonna happen.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: You've made a big mistake, Morton. When you're not on that train, you look like a turtle out of its shell. It's funny. Poor cripple talkin' big so nobody'll know how scared ya are.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: You paid five thousand dollars for something belongs to me. [puts down a bunch of dollar bills] Frank: Five thousand... [pulls out a silver dollar] Frank: ...plus one. [puts the dollar on the table] Frank: You got a right to make a profit, too.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: [pointing his gun at Morton] Hey, you. Wait a minute. Let's have a good look at you. Hey. Mr. Choo-Choo. It's easy to find you. Bastard! I don't have to kill you now. You leave a slime behind you like a snail. Two beautiful shiny rails.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Jill: I could swear we're going to have that strange sound. Harmonica: Right now.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Harmonica: You know, Wobbles... I'm kind of mad at you.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ [Frank knocks Morton off of his crutches] Morton: Is that sufficient to make you feel stronger? Frank: I could squash you like a wormy apple. Morton: Sure, but you won't do it... because it's not to... your advantage. Frank: Hmm. Who knows how far you'd have gone with two good legs, huh?

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: [trying to convince Harmonica to sell him the land Harmonica just won] Pick any method you like, just make the deal. Harmonica: Which deal, Frank? We have more than one, you and me.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: What the hell is this? Harmonica: [off screen] Can't you see? [emerges from behind a pile of wood] Harmonica: It's a station. And all around it a town. Brett McBain's town. Cheyenne: [starts to laugh] Was HE crazy, heh! Harmonica: Yeah in a very special way. An Irishman. [starts measuring out a square and hammers wood spikes into the ground] Harmonica: He knew sooner or later that railroad coming through Flagstone would continue on west, so he looked over all this county out here until he found this hunk of desert. Nobody wanted it, but he bought it. [continues with work] Harmonica: Then he tightened his belt, and for years he waited. Cheyenne: Waited for what? Harmonica: For the railroad to reach this point. Cheyenne: Ah, but how in the hell could he be sure the railroad would pass through his property? Harmonica: Them steam engines can't roll without water, and the only water for fifty miles west of Flagstone is right here, under this land. Cheyenne: Ah-ha! He was no fool, our dead friend, huh? [chuckles] Cheyenne: He was going to sell this piece of desert for his weight in gold, wasn't he? Harmonica: [looks at Cheyenne] You don't sell the dream of a lifetime. Brett McBain wanted his station. He got the rights to build it. Cheyenne: How do you know all this? Harmonica: I saw a document. It was all in order - seals, signatures, everything. One thing though, in very small print, there is a short clause which says that McBain or his heirs lose all rights if, by the time the railroad reaches this point, the station ain't built yet.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Cheyenne: You know, ma'am, when you've killed four, it's easy to make it five.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Morton: [to Wobbles] Hm. You should learn to live as if you didn't exist.

§Once Upon a Time in the West ¤ Frank: Any normal man would put a bullet in his brain.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Ash, can you hear me? [slams her hands down on the table] Ripley: Ash? Ash: [awakens and starts speaking in an electronic and distorted voice] Yes, I can hear you. Ripley: What was your special order? Ash: You read it. I thought it was clear. Ripley: What was it? Ash: Bring back life form. Priority One. All other priorities rescinded. Parker: The damn company. What about our lives, you son of a bitch? Ash: I repeat, all other priorities are rescinded. Ripley: How do we kill it, Ash? There's gotta be a way of killing it. How? How do we do it? Ash: You can't. Parker: That's bullshit. Ash: You still don't understand what you're dealing with, do you? The perfect organism. Its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility. Lambert: You admire it. Ash: I admire its purity. A survivor... unclouded by conscience, remorse, or delusions of morality. Parker: Look, I am... I've heard enough of this, and I'm asking you to pull the plug. [Ripley goes to disconnect Ash, who interrupts] Ash: Last word. Ripley: What? Ash: I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies.

§Alien ¤ [last lines] Ripley: Final report of the commercial starship Nostromo, third officer reporting. The other members of the crew - Kane, Lambert, Parker, Brett, Ash, and Captain Dallas - are dead. Cargo and ship destroyed. I should reach the frontier in about six weeks. With a little luck, the network will pick me up. This is Ellen Ripley, last survivor of the Nostromo, signing off. [to Jonesy the cat] Ripley: Come on, cat.

§Alien ¤ Dallas: Something has attached itself to him. We have to get him to the infirmary right away. Ripley: What kind of thing? I need a clear definition. Dallas: An organism. Open the hatch. Ripley: Wait a minute. If we let it in, the ship could be infected. You know the quarantine procedure. Twenty-four hours for decontamination. Dallas: He could die in twenty-four hours. Open the hatch. Ripley: Listen to me, if we break quarantine, we could all die. Lambert: Look, could you open the god-damned hatch? We have to get him inside. Ripley: No. I can't do that and if you were in my position, you'd do the same. Dallas: Ripley, this is an order. Open that hatch right now, do you hear me? Ripley: Yes. Dallas: Ripley. This is an order. Do you hear me? Ripley: Yes. I read you. The answer is negative.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Micro changes in air density, my ass.

§Alien ¤ [Ripley has tried to disengage the Nostromo's self-destruct sequence] Ripley: Mother! I've turned the cooling unit back on. Mother! Mother: The ship will automatically destruct in T minus five minutes. Ripley: You... BITCH! [smashes computer monitor with flamethrower]

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Whenever he says *anything* you say "right", Brett. You know that? Brett: Right. Ripley: Parker, what do you think? Your staff just follows you around and says "right". Just like a regular parrot. Parker: [laughs] Yeah, shape up. What are you, some kind of parrot? Brett: Right.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: [nervously eyeing Alien while she pushes buttons] You are my lucky star. You... Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Ash. Any suggestions from you or Mother? Ash: No, we're still collating. Ripley: [laughing in disbelief] You're what? You're still collating? I find that hard to believe. Ash: What would you like me to do? Ripley: Just what you've been doing, Ash: nothing. I've got access to Mother now, and I'll get my own answers, thank you.

§Alien ¤ [Director's Cut only] Lambert: [slapping Ripley] You bitch! Brett: Easy! Parker: Hey! Hey! Lambert: You were gonna leave us out there! Dallas: Alright. Ripley, when I give an order I expect to be obeyed. Ripley: Even if it's against the law? Dallas: You're goddamn right!

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Unless somebody has got a better idea... we'll proceed with Dallas' plan. Lambert: [hysterical] What? And end up like the others? Oh, no. You're out of your mind! Ripley: You got a better idea? Lambert: Yes! I say that we abandon this ship! We get the shuttle and just get the hell out of here! We take our chances and... just hope that somebody will pick us up! Ripley: Lambert, the shuttle won't take four. Lambert: Well, then why don't we draw straws and... Parker: I'm not drawing any straws. I'm for killing that goddamn thing right now. Ripley: Okay. Well, let's talk about killing it. We know it's using the air shafts... [Parker mumbles underneath] Ripley: Will you listen to me, Parker? Shut up! Parker: Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Ripley: It's using the air shafts. Parker: You don't know that. Ripley: That's the only way! We'll move in pairs. We'll go step by step and cut off every bulkhead and every vent until we have it cornered, and then we'll blow it the fuck out into space. Is that acceptable to you? Parker: If it means killing it then it's acceptable to me. Ripley: Obviously it means killing it. But we have to stick together.

§Alien ¤ Dallas: Well... some of you may have figured out we're not home yet, we're only half way there. Mother's interrupted the course of our journey. She's programmed to do that should certain conditions arise. They have. It seems that she has... intercepted a transmission of unknown origin. She got us up to check it out. Ripley: A transmission? Out here? Lambert: What kind of a transmission? Dallas: Acoustical beacon. It, uh... repeats at intervals of twelve seconds. Kane: S.O.S.? Dallas: I don't know. Ripley: Human? Dallas: Unknown.

§Alien ¤ [Kane wakes up from his comatose state] Parker: How ya doin'? Kane: Terrific. Next silly question? [they laugh, Ash hands him a cup of water] Kane: Oh, thank you. Dallas: You remember anything about the planet? [Kane shakes his head] Ripley: What's the last thing you do remember? Huh? Kane: I remember some... horrible dream about... smothering? I don't know... Anyway, where are we? Dallas: We're right here. Ripley: We're on our way home! Brett: Yeah, back to the ole freezerinos. Ahaha.

§Alien ¤ Ash: Ripley, for God's sake, this is the first time that we've encountered a species like this. It has to go back. All sorts of tests have to be made. Ripley: Ash, are you kidding? This thing bled acid. Who knows what it's gonna do when it's dead. Ash: I think it's safe to assume it isn't a zombie.

§Alien ¤ [first lines] Brett: This is the worst shit I've ever seen, man. Parker: What you say? You got any biscuits over there? Ripley: Here's some cornbread. Parker: Cornbread. Yeah. Lambert: I am cold. Parker: Still with us, Brett? Brett: Right. Kane: Oh, I feel dead. Parker: Anybody ever tell you you look dead, man?

§Alien ¤ Ripley: [Ash is observing the facehugger] That's amazing. What is it? Ash: Uh, yes, it is. Um. I don't know yet. Did you want something? Ripley: Yes, I, uh... have a little talk. How's, uh, how's Kane? Ash: He's holding, no changes. Ripley: And, uh, our guest? Ash: Um. Ripley: Hm? Ash: Well, as I said, I'm still... collating, actually, but uh, I have confirmed that he's got an outer layer of protein polysaccharides. Has a funny habit of shedding his cells and replacing them with polarized silicon, which gives him a prolonged resistance to adverse environmental conditions. Is that enough? Ripley: That's plenty. What does it mean? [Ripley bends down to look through the micro-scanner] Ash: Please don't do that. Thank you. Ripley: I'm sorry. Ash: Well, it's an interesting combination of elements making him a... tough little son-of-a-bitch. Ripley: And you let him in. Ash: I was obeying a direct order. Remember? Ripley: Ash. When Dallas and Kane are off the ship, I'm Senior Officer. Ash: Oh, yes. I forgot. Ripley: You also forgot the Science Division's basic quarantine law. Ash: No, that I didn't forget. Ripley: Oh, I see. You just broke it, hm? Ash: Look, what would you have done with Kane, hm? You know his only chance of survival was to get him in here. Ripley: Unfortunately, by, uh, breaking quarantine, you risk everybody's life. Ash: Maybe I should have left him outside. Maybe I've jeopardized the rest of us, but it was a risk I was willing to take. Ripley: That's a pretty big risk for a Science Officer. It's, uh, not exactly out of the manual, is it? Ash: I do take my responsibilities as seriously as you, you know. You do your job and let me do mine, yes?

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Did you ever ship out with Ash before? Dallas: I went out five times with another science officer. They replaced him two days before we left Thedus with Ash. Hm? Ripley: I don't trust him. Dallas: Well, I don't trust anybody.

§Alien ¤ Dallas: [observing the Space Jockey] Alien life form. Looks like it's been dead a long time. Fossilized. Looks like it's growing out of the chair. [climbs up for a closer look] Dallas: Bones are bent outward, like he exploded from inside. Lambert: Wonder what happened to the rest of the crew. Let's get the hell out of here.

§Alien ¤ Parker: It's a robot! Ash is a goddamn robot!

§Alien ¤ Ash: There is an explanation for this, you know. Ripley: Is there really? I don't wanna hear your Goddamn explanation.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: What's it key off? Ash: Micro changes in air density.

§Alien ¤ Brett: [realizing Nostromo has changed its course and they have to investigate] Well, so what? Kane: Well, we are obligated under section eight... Parker: I hate to bring this up but, uh, this a commercial ship, not a rescue ship... Brett: Right. Parker: ...and it's not in my contract to do this kind of duty. Now what about the money? If you wanna give me some money to do it, I'll be happy to, uh, t-to, you know, oblige. Brett: The man's right. Dallas: Parker... Parker: Let's go over the bonus situation. We haven't... Can we just talk about the bonus situation? Ash: I'm sorry, can I say something? Parker: Let's talk about the bonus more. Ash: There is a clause in the contract which specifically states any systematized transmission indicating a possible intelligent origin must be investigated. Parker: I don't wanna hear it... Brett: We don't know if it's intelligent. Parker: I wanna go home and party. Dallas: Parker, will you just listen to the man? Ash: On penalty of total forfeiture of shares. No money. Dallas: You got that? Parker: [chuckling] Well, yeah. Dallas: All right, we're going in. Parker: [to Brett] Yeah, we're going in, aren't we?

§Alien ¤ Kane: The pit is completely enclosed. And it's full of leathery objects, like eggs or something.

§Alien ¤ Mother: [over PA] Danger. The emergency destruct system is now activated. The ship will detonate in T minus ten minutes.

§Alien ¤ Dallas: Now, this air shaft may work to our advantage. Here. It leads up to and comes out in the main airlock. All right, there's only one big opening along the way, we can cover that up, and then we... drive it into the airlock and zap it into outer space. Parker: How? This son of a bitch is huge! I mean, it's like a man; it's... it's big! Ash: [softly] Kane's son.

§Alien ¤ Dallas: [looks at a pen being dissolved by alien's body fluid] I haven't seen anything like that except, uh, molecular acid. Brett: It must be using it for blood. Parker: It's got a wonderful defense mechanism. You don't dare kill it.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: When we throw the switches, how long before the ship blows? Parker: Ten minutes. Ripley: No bullshit? Parker: We ain't outta here in ten minutes, we won't need no rocket to fly through space.

§Alien ¤ Parker: If they find what they're lookin' for out there, that mean we get full shares? Ripley: Don't worry, Parker, yeah. You'll get whatever's coming to you. Brett: Look, I'm not gonna do any more work until we get this straightened out. Ripley: Brett, you're guaranteed by law to get a share. Parker: What? Ripley: Why don't you just fuck off? Parker: What? Brett: Uh, what'd you say, Rip? Ripley: If you have any trouble, I'll be on the bridge.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Ash, that transmission... Mother's deciphered part of it. It doesn't look like an S.O.S. Ash: What is it, then? Ripley: Well, I... it looks like a warning. I'm gonna go out after them. Ash: What's the point? I mean by the-the time it takes to get there, you'll... they'll know if it's a warning or not, yes?

§Alien ¤ Ripley: This is commercial towing vehicle Nostromo out of the Solomons, registration number 1-8-0-niner-2-4-6-0-niner. Calling Antarctica traffic control. Do you read me? Over.

§Alien ¤ Lambert: Well, how about a little something to lower your spirits? Dallas: Thrill me, would ya? Lambert: Well, based on my calculations, based on time spent getting to and from the planet... Dallas: Just give me the short version, how far to Earth? Lambert: Ten months. Ripley: Oh god.

§Alien ¤ Lambert: I can't see a goddamn thing. Kane: Quit griping. Lambert: I like griping.

§Alien ¤ [repeated line] Parker: So, um, we think we should discuss the bonus situation...

§Alien ¤ [repeated line] Brett: Right.

§Alien ¤ Parker: [last line, to Lambert] Get out of the room!

§Alien ¤ Ash: Primordial... deep cold... way below the line...

§Alien ¤ Parker: It's got a great defense mechanism... you don't dare kill it...

§Alien ¤ Kane: I'll volunteer to be in the first group to go out. Dallas: Yeah, that figures.

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Come on, Ash. I mean, the Science Department should be able to help us. What can we do to drive it? Ash: Yes, well, it's adapted remarkably well to our atmosphere considering its nutritional requirements. The only thing we don't know about is temperature. Ripley: Okay, what about temperature? What happens if we change it? Ash: Let's try it. I mean most animals retreat from fire, yes? Dallas: Fire, yeah.

§Alien ¤ Brett: Here, kitty. Here, kitty, kitty. Enough of that kitty crap. Jones. Jonesy? Here, Jonesy. Meow. Meow. Jonesy? Here, kitty, kitty, kitty. Meow. Here, Jonesy. Jonesy?

§Alien ¤ Parker: Uh, before we dock, I think we oughta discuss the bonus situation. Brett: Right. Parker: Brett and I, we think we oughta... we deserve full shares, right baby? Brett: Right. You see, Mr. Parker and I feel that the bonus situation has never been on a-an equitable level. Dallas: Well, you get what you're contracted for like everybody else. Brett: Yes, but everybody else, uh, gets more than us.

§Alien ¤ Ash: Oh, Mother says the sun's coming up in twenty minutes

§Alien ¤ Lambert: [often mis-heard, mis-subtitled line] Could it want Brett alive? Ripley: What? Lambert: Could Brett be alive? Ripley: No... I mean, I don't think so.

§Alien ¤ Lambert: I found it. Just short of Zeta II Reticuli. We haven't reached the Outer Rim yet.

§Alien ¤ Kane: We have Parker. Can Brett be far behind?

§Alien ¤ Kane: The first thing I am going to do when I get back is get some decent food. Parker: I dig it man. Let me tell you, I've tasted worst food than this. I've tasted better, you know what I am saying. Lambert: Well you pound down the stuff like there's no tomorrow. Parker: [Smiles at Lambert] I'd rather be eating something else but, uh, right now I'm not thinking of food. Kane: Well you should know what it's made of. Parker: No man, I don't want to know what it's made of.

§Alien ¤ Parker: Why don't you freeze him?

§Alien ¤ Ripley: Open the door!

§Alien ¤ Parker: Let's get the bottles.

§Alien ¤ Kane: Wait a minute. There's movement. It seems to have life. Organic life.

§Alien ¤ Lambert: Where's Earth? Kane: You should know. Ripley: It's not our system. Kane: Scan.

§City Lights ¤ The Tramp: You can see now? A Blind Girl: Yes, I can see now.

§City Lights ¤ The Tramp: Be careful how you're driving. Eccentric Millionaire: Am I driving?

§City Lights ¤ The Tramp: Tomorrow the birds will sing.

§City Lights ¤ A Blind Girl: Thank you for your kindness, sir.

§City Lights ¤ Eccentric Millionaire: James - the Rolls-Royce. We'll burn up the town!

§City Lights ¤ The Blind Girl's Grandmother: He must be wealthy. A Blind Girl: Yes, but he's more than that.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: We train young men to drop fire on people, but their commanders won't allow them to write "fuck" on their airplanes because it's obscene!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kilgore: Smell that? You smell that? Lance: What? Kilgore: Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for 12 hours. When it was all over, I walked up. We didn't find one of 'em, not one stinkin' dink body. The smell, you know that gasoline smell? The whole hill. Smelled like... victory. Someday this war's gonna end. [He reflects on this for a moment and frowns. Then he gets up and walks away. Willard stares at him in disbelief]

§Apocalypse Now ¤ [last lines] Kurtz: [voiceover] The horror... the horror...

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: I've seen horrors... horrors that you've seen. But you have no right to call me a murderer. You have a right to kill me. You have a right to do that... but you have no right to judge me. It's impossible for words to describe what is necessary to those who do not know what horror means. Horror... Horror has a face... and you must make a friend of horror. Horror and moral terror are your friends. If they are not, then they are enemies to be feared. They are truly enemies! I remember when I was with Special Forces... seems a thousand centuries ago. We went into a camp to inoculate some children. We left the camp after we had inoculated the children for polio, and this old man came running after us and he was crying. He couldn't see. We went back there, and they had come and hacked off every inoculated arm. There they were in a pile. A pile of little arms. And I remember... I... I... I cried, I wept like some grandmother. I wanted to tear my teeth out; I didn't know what I wanted to do! And I want to remember it. I never want to forget it... I never want to forget. And then I realized... like I was shot... like I was shot with a diamond... a diamond bullet right through my forehead. And I thought, my God... the genius of that! The genius! The will to do that! Perfect, genuine, complete, crystalline, pure. And then I realized they were stronger than we, because they could stand that these were not monsters, these were men... trained cadres. These men who fought with their hearts, who had families, who had children, who were filled with love... but they had the strength... the strength... to do that. If I had ten divisions of those men, our troubles here would be over very quickly. You have to have men who are moral... and at the same time who are able to utilize their primordial instincts to kill without feeling... without passion... without judgment... without judgment! Because it's judgment that defeats us.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: [intercepted radio message] I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor. That's my dream; that's my nightmare. Crawling, slithering, along the edge of a straight razor... and surviving.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: Did they say why, Willard, why they want to terminate my command? Willard: I was sent on a classified mission, sir. Kurtz: It's no longer classified, is it? Did they tell you? Willard: They told me that you had gone totally insane, and that your methods were unsound. Kurtz: Are my methods unsound? Willard: I don't see any method at all, sir. Kurtz: I expected someone like you. What did you expect? Are you an assassin? Willard: I'm a soldier. Kurtz: You're neither. You're an errand boy, sent by grocery clerks, to collect a bill.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ [first lines] Willard: Saigon... shit; I'm still only in Saigon... Every time I think I'm gonna wake up back in the jungle. Willard: When I was home after my first tour, it was worse. [grabs at flying insect] Willard: I'd wake up and there'd be nothing. I hardly said a word to my wife, until I said "yes" to a divorce. When I was here, I wanted to be there; when I was there, all I could think of was getting back into the jungle. I'm here a week now... waiting for a mission... getting softer. Every minute I stay in this room, I get weaker, and every minute Charlie squats in the bush, he gets stronger. Each time I looked around the walls moved in a little tighter.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: [objecting to surfing in a war zone] It's pretty hairy in there. That's Charlie's point. Kilgore: Charlie don't surf!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: Could we, uh... talk to Colonel Kurtz? Photojournalist: Hey, man, you don't talk to the Colonel. You listen to him. The man's enlarged my mind. He's a poet warrior in the classic sense. I mean sometimes he'll... uh... well, you'll say "hello" to him, right? And he'll just walk right by you. He won't even notice you. And suddenly he'll grab you, and he'll throw you in a corner, and he'll say, "Do you know that 'if' is the middle word in life? If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you"... I mean I'm... no, I can't... I'm a little man, I'm a little man, he's... he's a great man! I should have been a pair of ragged claws scuttling across floors of silent seas...

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): 'Never get out of the boat.' Absolutely goddamn right! Unless you were goin' all the way... Kurtz got off the boat. He split from the whole fuckin' program.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Colonel Lucas: Your mission is to proceed up the Nung River in a Navy patrol boat. Pick up Colonel Kurtz's path at Nu Mung Ba, follow it and learn what you can along the way. When you find the Colonel, infiltrate his team by whatever means available and terminate the Colonel's command. Willard: Terminate the Colonel? General Corman: He's out there operating without any decent restraint, totally beyond the pale of any acceptable human conduct. And he is still in the field commanding troops. Civilian: Terminate with extreme prejudice. Colonel Lucas: You understand, Captain, that this mission does not exist, nor will it ever exist.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kilgore: [recorded message playing from speakers on helicopters flying overhead] I will not hurt or harm you. Just give me back the board, Lance. It was a good board and I like it. You know how hard it is to find a board you like.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Chef: How come all you guys sit on your helmets? Soldier: So we don't get our balls blown off. [Chef laughs. Then a few moments later he takes off his own helmet and sits on it]

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: I was going to the worst place in the world and I didn't even know it yet. Weeks away and hundreds of miles up a river that snaked through the war like a main circuit cable plugged straight into Kurtz. It was no accident that I got to be the caretaker of Colonel Walter E. Kurtz's memory any more than being back in Saigon was an accident. There is no way to tell his story without telling my own. And if his story really is a confession, then so is mine.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: Everyone gets everything he wants. I wanted a mission, and for my sins, they gave me one. Brought it up to me like room service. It was a real choice mission, and when it was over, I never wanted another.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: No wonder Kurtz put a weed up Command's ass. The war was being run by a bunch of four star clowns who were gonna end up giving the whole circus away.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Photo Journalist: This is the way the fucking world ends! Look at this fucking shit we're in, man! Not with a bang, but with a whimper. And with a whimper, I'm fucking splitting, Jack.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: If that's how Kilgore fought the war, I began to wonder what they really had against Kurtz. It wasn't just insanity and murder; there was enough of that to go around for everyone.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: Oh man... the bullshit piled up so fast in Vietnam, you needed wings to stay above it.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: How many people had I already killed? There were those six that I knew about for sure. Close enough to blow their last breath in my face. But this time, it was an American and an officer. That wasn't supposed to make any difference to me, but it did. Shit... charging a man with murder in this place was like handing out speeding tickets in the Indy 500. I took the mission. What the hell else was I gonna do?

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: Are you crazy, Goddammit? Don't you think its a little risky for some R&R? Kilgore: If I say its safe to surf this beach, Captain, then its safe to surf this beach! I mean, I'm not afraid to surf this place, I'll surf this whole fucking place!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): The machinist, the one they called Chef, was from New Orleans. He was wrapped too tight for Vietnam; probably wrapped too tight for New Orleans. Lance, on the forward .50s, was a famous surfer from the beaches south of LA. One look at him and you wouldn't believe he ever fired a weapon in his whole life. Clean... Mr. Clean... was from some South Bronx shithole and the light and space of Vietnam really put the zap on his head. Then there was Phillips, the Chief. It might have been my mission, but it sure as shit was the Chief's boat!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Chief Quartermaster (QMC) Phillips: My orders say I'm not supposed to know where I'm taking this boat, so I don't! But one look at you, and I know it's gonna be hot! Willard: We're going up river about 75 klicks above the Do Lung bridge. Chief Quartermaster (QMC) Phillips: That's Cambodia, captain. Willard: That's classified. We're not supposed to be in Cambodia, but that's where I'm going.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: I worry that my son might not understand what I've tried to be. And if I were to be killed, Willard, I would want someone to go to my home and tell my son everything. Everything I did, everything you saw, because there's nothing that I detest more than the stench of lies. And if you understand me, Willard, you will do this for me.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: [Kurtz dictates to tape] They train young men to drop fire on people. But their commanders won't allow them to write 'fuck' on their airplanes because it is obscene.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: Hey soldier, do you know who's in command here? Soldier: Ain't you?

§Apocalypse Now ¤ General Corman: Well, you see, Willard, in this war, things get confused out there. Power, ideals, the old morality, and practical military necessity. But out there with these natives, it must be a temptation to be God. Because there's a conflict in every human heart, between the rational and irration, between good and evil. And good does not always triumph. Sometimes, the dark side overcomes what Lincoln called the better angels of our nature.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: Have you ever considered any real freedoms? Freedoms from the opinion of others... even the opinions of yourself?

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): Everybody wanted me to do it, him most of all. I felt like he was up there, waiting for me to take the pain away. He just wanted to go out like a soldier, standing up, not like some poor, wasted, rag-assed renegade. Even the jungle wanted him dead, and that's who he really took his orders from anyway.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ [quoting Kurtz] Willard: In a war there are many moments for compassion and tender action. There are many moments for ruthless action - what is often called ruthless - what may in many circumstances be only clarity, seeing clearly what there is to be done and doing it, directly, quickly, awake, looking at it.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): Charlie didn't get much USO. He was dug in too deep or moving too fast. His idea of great R&R was cold rice and a little rat meat. He had only two ways home: death, or victory.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Photojournalist: What are they going to say about him? What? Are they going to say he was a kind man? He was a wise man? He had plans? He had wisdom? Bullshit, man!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kilgore: How're you feeling, Jimmy? Door Gunner: Like a mean motherfucker, sir!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Chef: [after having encountered a tiger in the jungle, returning to the boat, and proceeding into a nervous breakdown] You can have the whole goddamn fuckin' shit, man! You can kiss my ass in the county square cause I'm fuckin' buggin' out! I didn't come here for this! I don't fuckin' need it, I don't want it! I didn't get out of the goddamn Eighth grade for this kinda shit! All I wanted to do was fuckin' cook! I just wanted to learn to fuckin' cook, man! [laughs manically]

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): On the river, I thought that the minute I looked at him, I'd know what to do, but it didn't happen. I was in there with him for days, not under guard; I was free, but he knew I wasn't going anywhere. He knew more about what I was going to do than I did. If the generals back in Nha Trang could see what I saw, would they still want me to kill him? More than ever, probably. And what would his people back home want if they ever learned just how far from them he'd really gone? He broke from them, and then he broke from himself. I'd never seen a man so broken up and ripped apart.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): 'Someday this war's gonna end'. That'd be just fine with the boys on the boat. They weren't looking for anything more than a way home. Trouble is, I'd been back there, and I knew that it just didn't exist anymore.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ [quoting Kurtz] Willard: As for the charges against me, I am unconcerned. I am beyond their timid lying morality, and so I am beyond caring.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Chef: This Colonel guy? He's wacko, man! He's worse than crazy. He's evil. It's fuckin' pagan idolatry. Look around you. Shit! He's loco... I ain't afraid of all them fuckin' skulls and altars and shit. I used to think if I died in an evil place, then my soul wouldn't be able to make it to Heaven. But now? Fuck! I mean, I don't care where it goes, as long as it ain't here. So whaddya wanna do? I'll kill the fuck.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: [incredulous] What are you talking about? Chief Quartermaster (QMC) Phillips: We're taking her to some friendlies, Captain. She's wounded, she's not dead. Willard: Get off there, Chef. [Willard shoots the injured girl] Chef: Fuck it! Willard: [to Chief] I told you not to stop. Now let's go!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Roxanne: There are two of you, don't you see? One that kills... and one that loves.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): They were gonna make me a Major for this, and I wasn't even in their fuckin' army anymore.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: What do you call it when the assassins accuse the assassin? A lie. A lie and we have to be merciful.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kurtz: Where are you from, Willard? Willard: I'm from Ohio, sir. Kurtz: Were you born there? Willard: Yes, sir. Kurtz: Whereabouts? Willard: Toledo, sir. Kurtz: How far are you from the river? Willard: The Ohio River, sir? Kurtz: Uh-huh. Willard: About 200 miles. Kurtz: I went down that river once when I was a kid. There's a place in that river - I can't remember - must have been a gardenia plantation at one time. It's all wild and overgrown now, but about five miles, you'd think that heaven just fell on the earth in the form of gardenias. Have you considered any real freedoms? Freedoms from the opinions of others. Even the opinions of yourself.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Playmate of the Year: [as couple gets steamy, another soldier peers into window] Who are you? Clean: I'm next, ma'am.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kilgore: You can either surf, or you can fight!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Colonel Lucas: Your report specifies intelligence/counterintelligence with ComSec I-Corps. Willard: I'm not presently disposed to discuss these operations, sir. Colonel Lucas: Did you not work for the CIA in I-Corps? Willard: No, sir. Colonel Lucas: Did you not assassinate a government tax collector in Quang Tri province, June 19th, 1968? Captain? Willard: Sir, I am unaware of any such activity or operation... nor would I be disposed to discuss such an operation if it did in fact exist, sir.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard (voice-over): He was close, real close. I couldn't see him yet, but I could feel him, as if the boat were being sucked upriver and the water was flowing back into the jungle. Whatever was going to happen, it wasn't gonna be the way they call it back in Nha Trang.

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Willard: My mission is to make it up into Cambodia. There's a Green Beret Colonel up there who's gone insane. I'm supposed to kill him. Chef: What? Oh, that's typical! Shit! Fuckin' Vietnam mission! I'm short, and we gotta go up there so you can kill one of our own guys? That's fuckin' great! That's just fuckin' great! Shit! That's fuckin' crazy! I thought you were going in there to blow up a bridge, or some fucking railroad tracks or something! Willard: I'm sorry. Look, I'll cut you loose here and you can turn around and... Chef: [interupting] No, no, we go together... on the boat! We came this far, so we go together. All the way! We'll take you up there, we'll go with you... but on the boat! Okay?

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Lt. Carlsen: I'm Lt. Carlsen. I was sent from Nha Trang with this message for you three days ago, sir. They expected you here a little sooner. This is mail for the boat's crew. You don't know how happy this makes me in delivering all this. Willard: Why? Lt. Carlsen: Because now I can get out of here... if I can find a way. [an enemy artillery shell lands dangerously close by as Lt. Carlsen runs away] Lt. Carlsen: You're in the asshole of the world, Captain!

§Apocalypse Now ¤ Kilgore: Lieutenant, bomb that tree line about 100 yards back! Give me some room to breathe!

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: [aiming .45-70 rifle at fleeing Ellis Brittle] You sure that's him? Django: Yeah. Dr. King Schultz: Positive? Django: I don't know. Dr. King Schultz: You don't know if you're positive? Django: I don't know what 'positive' means. Dr. King Schultz: It means you're sure. Django: Yes. Dr. King Schultz: Yes, what? Django: Yes, I'm sure that's Ellis Brittle. [Schultz shoots Brittle off his horse] Django: I'm positive he dead.

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: White cake? Dr. King Schultz: I don't go in for sweets, thank you. Calvin Candie: Are you brooding 'bout me getting the best of ya, huh? Dr. King Schultz: Actually, I was thinking of that poor devil you fed to the dogs today, D'Artagnan. And I was wondering what Dumas would make of all this. Calvin Candie: Come again? Dr. King Schultz: Alexander Dumas. He wrote "The Three Musketeers." I figured you must be an admirer. You named your slave after his novel's lead character. If Alexander Dumas had been there today, I wonder what he would have made of it? Calvin Candie: You doubt he'd approve? Dr. King Schultz: Yes. His approval would be a dubious proposition at best. Calvin Candie: Soft hearted Frenchy? Dr. King Schultz: Alexander Dumas is black.

§Django Unchained ¤ Stephen: I count six shots, nigger. Django: [pulls out a second revolver] I count two guns, nigger.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: How do you like the bounty hunting business? Django: Kill white folks and they pay you for it? What's not to like?

§Django Unchained ¤ Django: [to Big John Brittle] I like the way you die, boy.

§Django Unchained ¤ [repeated line] Django: Hey, little troublemaker.

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: [to Django] So, bright boy, Moguy tells me you looked over my African flesh and you was none too impressed, huh? Django: Not for top dollar. Calvin Candie: Well, then, we got nothing more to talk about. You see, you want to buy a beat ass nigger from me, those are the beat ass niggers I want to sell, so... Django: He don't wanna buy the niggers you wanna sell. He wants the nigger you don't wanna sell. Calvin Candie: Well, I don't sell the niggers I don't wanna sell. Dr. King Schultz: Well, you won't sell your best. You won't even sell your second best, but your third best? You don't wanna sell either, but if I made you an offer so ridiculous, you'd be forced to consider it? [laughs] Dr. King Schultz: Who knows what could happen? Calvin Candie: And what do you consider "ridiculous?" Dr. King Schultz: For a truly talented specimen, the right nigger? How much would you say, Django? Django: ...12,000 dollars. Calvin Candie: Gentlemen, you had my curiosity, now you have my attention.

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: Hello. Stephen, my boy! Stephen: [black house servant exiting the Big House] Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hello, my ass. Who dis nigger up on dat nag? Calvin Candie: Aw, Stephen, you have nails for breakfast? What's the matter? Why you so ornery? You miss me? Huh? Stephen: Oh, yes, sir. I miss you like a hawg miss slop. Like a baby miss mammy titty! I miss you like I misses a rock in my shoe! Now, I aks you, who dis nigger on dat nag? Django: Hey, Snowball. You wanna know my name or the name of my horse, you ask me. Stephen: Just who the hell you callin' 'Snowball,' hoss boy? I'll snatch yo black ass off dat nag down here in the mud so fast make yo head spin! Calvin Candie: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Stephen! Stephen! Let's keep it funny. Django here's a freeman. Stephen: Dis nigger here? Calvin Candie: That nigger there. Let me at least introduce the two of you. Django, this is a another cheeky black bugger like yourself, Stephen. Stephen, this here is Django. You two oughta hate each other. Stephen: Calvin, just who the hell is dis nigger you feel's the need to entertain? Calvin Candie: Django, and his friend in gray here, Dr. Schultz, are customers. And they are our guests, Stephen. And you, you old, decrepit bastard, you are to show them every hospitality. You understand that? Stephen: Yes, sir. Him I understands, but I don't know why I got to take lip off dis nigger. Calvin Candie: You don't have to know why. Do you understand? Stephen: Yes, sir. I understand. Calvin Candie: Well, good. They're spending the night. Go open the guest bedrooms and get two ready. Stephen: [mortified] He gawn stay in the Big House? Calvin Candie: Stephen. He's a slaver. It's different. Stephen: In the Big House? Calvin Candie: Well, you got a problem with that? Stephen: Aw, naw, naw. I ain't got no problem with it. If you ain't got no problem with burnin' the bed, the sheets, the pillowcase, and everything else when this black-ass motherfucker's gone! Calvin Candie: That is my problem! They are mine to burn! Now your problem right now is making a good impression! And I want you to start solving that problem right now and get them goddamn rooms ready! Stephen: Yes, sir, Monsieur Candie. Calvin Candie: Go on, now. Stephen: Cain't believe you brought a nigger to stay in the Big House. Yo daddy's rollin' over in his goddamn grave, right now. Brought a nigger to stay with us. What kinda shit is that? Calvin Candie: Man, the lip on him! Whoo! He's getting worse and worse. Now, WHERE IS MY BEAUTIFUL SISTER?

§Django Unchained ¤ Amerigo Vessepi: [Franco Nero played the original Django] What's your name? Django: Django. Amerigo Vessepi: Can you spell it? Django: D-J-A-N-G-O. The D is silent. Amerigo Vessepi: I know.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: [to Django after shooting Calvin] I'm sorry... [pause] Dr. King Schultz: I couldn't resist. [Butch raises his gun and shoots at Schultz]

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Well, Brünnhilde was a princess. She was a daughter of Wotan, god of all gods. Anyways, Her father is really mad at her. Django: What she do? Dr. King Schultz: I can't exactly remember. She disobeys him in some way. So he puts her on top of the mountain. Django: Broomhilda's on a mountain? Dr. King Schultz: It's a German legend, there's always going to be a mountain in there somewhere. And he puts a fire-breathing dragon there to guard the mountain. And he surrounds her in a circle of hellfire. And there, Brünnhilde shall remain. Unless a hero arises brave enough to save her. Django: Does a fella arise? Dr. King Schultz: Yes, Django, as a matter of fact, he does. A fella named Siegfried. Django: Does Siegfried save her? Dr. King Schultz: [Nods] Quite spectacularly so. He scales the mountain, because he's not afraid of it. He slays the dragon, because he's not afraid of him. And he walks through hellfire... because Brünnhilde's worth it. Django: I know how he feel.

§Django Unchained ¤ Django: [gentlemanly] Cora, before you go, will you tell Miss Lara "goodbye"? Cora: Do what now? Django: I said, "tell Miss Lara goodbye!" Cora: Bye, Miss Lara! Django: [quickly shoots Miss Lara, who is comically blown away into another room] Y'all two run along now! [Cora and Sheeba frantically run out of the house]

§Django Unchained ¤ Big Daddy: [instructing raiding party] Now unless they start shooting first, nobody shoot 'em. That's way too simple for these jokers. We're gonna whoop that nigger lover to death! And I am personally gonna strip and clip that gaboon myself! [puts on bag] Big Daddy: Damn! I can't see fuckin' shit outta this thing. Unnamed Baghead: We ready or what? Big Daddy: Naw, hold on, I'm fuckin' with my eye holes. [rips bag] Big Daddy: Oh. Oh, shit. [takes off bag] Big Daddy: Ah, I just made it worse. Unnamed Baghead: Who made this goddamn shit? Other Unnamed Baghead: Willard's wife. Willard: Well, make your own goddamn mask! Big Daddy: Look. Nobody's sayin' they don't appreciate what Jenny did. Unnamed Baghead: Well, if all I had to do was cut a hole in a bag, I coulda cut it better than this! Other Unnamed Baghead: What about you, Robert? Can you see? Robert: Not too good. I mean, if I don't move my head I can see you pretty good, more or less. But when I start ridin', the bag's movin' all over, and I - I'm ridin' blind. Bag Head #2: [rips bag] Shit. I just made mine worse. Anybody bring any extra bags? Unnamed Baghead: No! Nobody brought an extra bag!

§Django Unchained ¤ Django: You said in seventy-six years on this plantation, you've seen all manner of shit done to niggers but I notice... you didn't mention kneecapping. [Django shoots Stephen in the kneecap] Stephen: Oh, God-motherfucking-damn it! Django: Seventy-six years, Stephen. How many niggers you think you seen come and go? Seven thousand? Eight thousand? Nine thousand? Nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine? Every single word that came out of Calvin Candie's mouth was nothing but horseshit, but he was right about one thing: I am that one nigger in ten thousand. [He shoots Stephen in the other kneecap] Stephen: Oh, you son of a bitch! Oh, you motherfucker! Oh, sweet Jesus, let me kill this nigger!

§Django Unchained ¤ Betina: What'cha do for your massa'? Django: Didn't you hear him tell ya, I ain't no slave? Betina: So, you really free? Django: Yeah, I is free. Betina: So, you wanna dress like that?

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Mister Candie, normally I would say "Auf wiedersehen," but since what "auf wiedersehen" actually means is "'till I see you again", and since I never wish to see you again, to you, sir, I say goodbye! [Dr. Schultz turns around to leave with Django and Broomhilda] Calvin Candie: [Candie sulks in his library chair for a brief moment as he watches Schultz walk out. He then raises his hand to stop the doctor] Hmm! One more moment, Doctor! Dr. King Schultz: [stops and faces Candie] What? Calvin Candie: [Candie raises out of his chair] It's a custom here in the South once a business deal is concluded that the two parties shake hands. It implies good faith... Dr. King Schultz: I'm not from the South... [Schultz turns again] Calvin Candie: But you are in my house, Doctor! So, I'm afraid I must insist... Dr. King Schultz: Insist? On what? That I shake your hand? [pause] Dr. King Schultz: Then I'm afraid I must insist in the opposite direction! Calvin Candie: [Calvin walks closer to the German doctor] You know what I think you are? Dr. King Schultz: What you think I am? No, I don't! Calvin Candie: I think you are a bad loser! Dr. King Schultz: And I think you're an abysmal winner! Calvin Candie: Never the less, here in Chickasaw County, a deal ain't done till the two parties have shook hands. Even after all that paper signin', don't mean shit you don't shake my hand. Dr. King Schultz: And if I don't shake your hand, you're gonna throw away $12,000? I don't think so! Calvin Candie: Mr. Pooch, if she tries to leave here before this nigger-loving German shakes my hand, you cut her ass down! [Butch turns around to Broomhilda and clicks his gun. Django stands in front of Broomhilda to protect her in case she gets shot; he looks at Schultz. Dr. Schultz glares back at Django with an angry look on his face] Dr. King Schultz: [Dr. Schultz turns back at Candie] You REALLY want me to shake your hand? Calvin Candie: [Candie holds out his hand and smirks] I insist! Dr. King Schultz: Oh, if you insist... [Schultz smiles and walks up to Candie, pretending to willfully shake his hand; he instead raises a tiny gun hidden under his sleeve and shoots Candie in the chest]

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: [after Calvin Candie brings a box into his dining room and takes a human skull out of it] Who is your little friend? Calvin Candie: This is Ben. He's a old Joe that lived around here for a long time. And I do mean a long damn time. Old Ben here took care of my daddy and my daddy's daddy, till he up and keeled over one day. Old Ben took care of me. Growing up the son of a huge plantation owner in Mississippi puts a white man in contact with a whole lot of black faces. I spent my whole life here right here in Candyland, surrounded by black faces. And seeing them every day, day in day out, I only had one question. Why don't they kill us? Now right out there on that porch three times a week for fifty years, old Ben here would shave my daddy with a straight razor. Now if I was old Ben, I would have cut my daddy's goddamn throat, and it wouldn't have taken me no fifty years to do it neither. But he never did. Why not? You see, the science of phrenology is crucial to understanding the separation about two species. In the skull of the African here, the area associated with submissiveness is larger than any human or other sub-human species on planet Earth. If you examine this piece of skull here, you'll notice three distinct dimples. Here, here and here. Now if I was holding a skull of a... of an Isaac Newton or Galileo, these three dimples would be in the area of the skull most associated with creativity. But this is the skull of old Ben, and in the skull of old Ben unburdened by genius, these three dimples exist in the area of the skull most associated with servility. [Turns to Django] Calvin Candie: Now bright boy, I will admit you are pretty clever. But if I took this hammer here and I bashed it in your skull, you would have the same three dimples in the same place as old Ben.

§Django Unchained ¤ Stephen: DJANGO! You uppity son of a b... [Plantation blows up]

§Django Unchained ¤ [first lines] Dicky Speck: [cocks rifle] Who's that stumblin' around in the dark? State your business or prepare to get winged!

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: [in disbelief] Let me get this straight: Your slave wife speaks German and her name is Broomhilda von Schaft? Django: Yep.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: You silver tongued devil, you.

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: Your boss looks a little green around the gills. Django: He just ain't used to seein' a man ripped apart by dogs is all. Calvin Candie: But you are used to it? Django: I'm just a little more used to Americans than he is.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: I wish to parley with you. Dicky Speck: Speak English. Dr. King Schultz: Oh, I'm sorry, please forgive me. it *is* a second language.

§Django Unchained ¤ Ace Speck: [as Dr. Schultz questions Django] Hey! Stop talking to him like that. Dr. King Schultz: [looks to Ace] Like what? Ace Speck: Like that. Dr. King Schultz: My dear sir, I am simply trying to ascertain... Ace Speck: Speak English, goddamn it. Dr. King Schultz: Everybody calm down. I'm simply a customer trying to conduct a transaction. Ace Speck: I don't care. No sale. Now off with you. Dr. King Schultz: Oh don't be ridiculous. Of course they're for sale. Ace Speck: [points shotgun at Schultz] Move it. Dr. King Schultz: My good man, did you simply get carried away with your dramatic gesture, or are you pointing your weapon at me with lethal intention? Ace Speck: [cocks shotgun] Last chance, fancy pants. Dr. King Schultz: Oh well, very well. [pulls out pistol and shoots Ace and Dicky's horse]

§Django Unchained ¤ Django: What'a a bounty? Dr. King Schultz: It's like a reward. Django: You kill people? And they give you a reward? Dr. King Schultz: Certain people, yeah... Django: Bad people? Dr. King Schultz: [grins] Ah! Badder they are, bigger the reward.

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: Dr. Schultz, in Greenville, you yourself said that for the right nigger you'd be willing to pay what some may consider is a ridiculous amount. To which me myself said "What is your definition of ridiculous?" To which you said "$12,000." Now, considering y'all have ridden a whole lot of miles... [Candie aggressively grabs Broomhilda's head, she whimpers as Django looks on intensively] Calvin Candie: ... went through a whole lot of trouble... [Candie continues holding Broomhilda's head, and starts rubbing her face] Calvin Candie: ... and done spread a whole lot of bull to purchase this lovely lady right here, it would appear that Broomhilda is in fact the right nigger. And if y'all wanna leave Candyland with Broomhilda, the price... is $12,000. Dr. King Schultz: And I take it you prefer the take it or leave it style of negotiation? Calvin Candie: [Candie lets go of Broomhila's head] Yes, I do, Doctor. You see, under the laws of Chickasaw County, Broomhilda, here, is my property... and I can choose to do with MY PROPERTY... WHATEVER I SO DESIRE! [Candie rubs his injured hand and smears the blood all over Broomhilda's face; she shrieks and moans in disgust and fear] Calvin Candie: And if y'all think my price for this nigger here is too steep, what I'm gonna desire to do is... [Candie causally sets his cigarette down; he suddenly but quickly picks up his hammer and violently grabs hold of Broomhilda's hair, slamming her face on the dinner table and raising the hammer above her head. Schultz jumps while Django rises up out of his seat] Calvin Candie: TAKE THIS GODDAMNED HAMMER HERE, AND BEAT HER ASS TO DEATH WITH IT! RIGHT IN FRONT OF BOTH YA'LL! THEN WE CAN EXAMINE THE THREE DIMPLES INSIDE BROOMHILDA'S SKULL! NOW... WHAT'S IT GONNA BE DOC? HUH? WHAT'S IT GOING TO BE? Dr. King Schultz: [Screams back nervously] May I lift my hands off the table in order to remove my billfold? Calvin Candie: YES, you may! [Schultz quickly retrieves his wallet out of his pocket and tosses it on the table; Stephen grabs it and starts counting the money] Stephen: [Nods to Calvin with the cash] That twelve. [Candie greedily smiles as Stephen drops the cash in front of him] Calvin Candie: [Lets go of Broomhilda's head and slams the hammer loudly on the table] SOLD... TO THE MAN WITH EXCEPTIONAL BEARD, AND HIS UNEXCEPTIONAL NIGGER!

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: And as if on cue, here comes the sheriff! Sheriff Bill Sharp: [Comes in tavern] Okay, boys, fun's over! Come on out. [Bill Sharp leads Schultz and Django outside while an anxious crowd watches] Sheriff Bill Sharp: Alright folks, calm down! Go about your business. The jokers will be gone soon. [Turns to Schultz and Django] Sheriff Bill Sharp: Now, why do ya'll wanna come into my town and start trouble? And scare all of these nice people? You ain't got nothing better to do than to come into Bill Sharp's town and show your ass-! [Dr. Schultz suddenly raises his derringer and shoots the sheriff in the stomach]

§Django Unchained ¤ Unnamed Baghead: [raiding party is discussing their bags] Do we have to wear 'em when we ride? Big Daddy: Oh, well shitfire! If you don't wear 'em as you ride up, that just defeats the purpose! Unnamed Baghead: Well, I can't see in this fuckin' thing! [takes bag off] Unnamed Baghead: I can't breathe in this fuckin' thing, and I can't ride in this fuckin' thing! Willard: Well fuck all y'all! I'm going home! You know, I watched my wife work all day gettin' thirty bags together for you ungrateful sons of bitches! And all I can hear is criticize, criticize, criticize! From now on, don't ask me or mine for nothin'! Big Daddy: Now look. Let's not forget why we're here. We gotta kill a nigger over that hill there! And we gotta make a lesson out of him! Bag Head #2: Okay, I'm confused. Are the bags on or off? Robert: I think... we all think the bag was a nice idea. But - not pointin' any fingers - they coulda been done better. So, how 'bout, no bags this time - but next time, we do the bags right, and then we go full regalia. [all agree] Big Daddy: Wait a minute! I didn't say 'no bags'! Bag Head #2: But nobody can see. Big Daddy: So? Bag Head #2: So, it'd be nice to see. Big Daddy: Goddammit! This is a raid! I can't see! You can't see! So what? All that matters is can the fuckin' horse see? That's a raid!

§Django Unchained ¤ Billy Crash: [after Django attacks one of Candie's men, pulling him off his horse] Oh, you are one lucky nigger! Django: You better listen to your boss, white boy! Billy Crash: Oh, I'ma go walkin' in the moonlight with you! Django: You wanna hold my hand? [Billy Crash laughs]

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Now, anything else about Mr. Candie that I should know about before I meet him? Leonide Moguy: Yes, he is a bit of a Francophile. Dr. King Schultz: Ha! What civilized people aren't? Leonide Moguy: And he prefers "Monsieur Candie" to "Mr. Candie". Dr. King Schultz: Si c'est cela qu'il préfère. [Subtitle: Whatever he prefers] Leonide Moguy: He doesn't speak French. Don't speak French to him; it'll embarrass him.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Let's just hope she works in the house, not in the field. Django: Oh, no, she ain't no field nigger. She... She pretty. And she talk good, too. But when they tore her back up and then they... burned that runaway "r" on her cheek... they goddamned her. She ain't no field nigger but she ain't good enough for the house no more either. They gonna try to make her a comfort girl. Dr. King Schultz: What's a comfort...? Oh.

§Django Unchained ¤ Django: [Django shoots Billy Crash in the arm; he falls to the floor injured and wailing] Billy Crash! [pause] Django: Now, where were we? Oh... that's right! Last time I saw you, you had your hands around my- [Django shoots Billy Crash in the genital area; he starts screaming] Billy Crash: D-Jango! You black son of a bitch! Django: [calmly] The "D" is silent, hillbilly! [Django shoots Billy Crash dead]

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: How long have you been associated with Mr. Candie? Leonide Moguy: Oh, Calvin's father and I were about eleven when we went to boarding school together. Calvin's father's father put me through law school. One could almost say I was raised to be Calvin's lawyer. Django: One could almost say youse a nigga. Leonide Moguy: What did you say? Django: I said... Dr. King Schultz: Nothing; he's just being cheeky.

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: [to Stephen] Stephen, when you get through showing them to their rooms, go fetch Hildi. Get her cleaned up and smellin' real nice and send her over to Dr. Schultz's room. Stephen: [laughing] Actually, Monsieur Candie sir, there's something I ain't told you about yet. Calvin Candie: What? Stephen: Uh, Hildi 'in the hot box. Calvin Candie: Well what's she doin' there? Stephen: What you think she doin' there, in the hot box? She been punished! Calvin Candie: Well what did she do? Stephen: She run off again. Calvin Candie: Jesus Christ, Stephen! How many people run away while I was gone? Stephen: Two. Calvin Candie: Well when did she go? Stephen: Last night. They brung her back this morning. Calvin Candie: How long she been in the box? Stephen: How long you think she been in there? All damn day! And the little bitch got ten more days to be in there. Calvin Candie: Take her out. Stephen: Take her out? Why? Calvin Candie: Because I said so, that's why! Dr. Schultz is my guest. Hildi is my nigger. Southern hospitality dictates I make her available to him. Stephen: But Monsieur Candie, she run off. Calvin Candie: Christ, Stephen! What is the point of having a nigger that speaks German if you can't wheel 'em out when you have a German guest? Now I realize it is an inconvenience. Still, you take her ass out! Stephen: Yes sir. Dr. King Schultz: Lori Lee! Will you and Cora be responsible for getting her cleaned up and presentable for Dr.Schultz, here? Lara Lee Candie-Fitzwilly: Of course, darling. Calvin Candie: Now, gentlemen, I do apologize; but, I am weary from our travels beyond words. It is time for me to rest my tired eyes. [kisses Lori Lee on the lips] Stephen: [to the Overseers] Ya'll done heard the man! Get her ass up outta there! Go! Come here. Get her over there and get her cleaned up and bring her back over here to, uh, Doctor - [to Schultz] Stephen: What did you say your name was? Shoots? Dr. King Schultz: Shultz.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: My name is Dr. King Schultz, and like yourself, Marshall, I am a servant of the court. The man lying dead in the dirt, who the good people of Daughtrey saw fit to elect as their sheriff, who went by the name of Bill Sharp, is actually a wanted outlaw by the name of Willard Peck, with a price on his head of 200 dollars. Now, that's 200 dollars, dead or alive. U.S. Marshall Gill Tatum: The hell you say! Dr. King Schultz: I'm aware this is probably disconcerting news. But I'm willing to wager this man was elected sheriff sometime in the last two years. I know this because three years ago, he was rustling cattle from the B.C. Corrigan Cattle Company of Lubbock, Texas. Now, this is a warrant, made out by circuit court Judge Henry Allen Laudermilk of Austin Texas. You're encouraged to wire him. He'll back up who I am, and who your dear departed sheriff was. In other words Marshall... you owe me 200 dollars. Django: I'll be damned!

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: [about Django] He is a rambunctious sort, ain't he?

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Do most slaves believe in marriage? Django: Oh, me and wife did. Old Man Carrucan didn't. That's why we, uh, we run off. Old Man Carrucan: [During Django's flashback when he was a slave on the Carrucan plantation] Django... Django... Django... You got sand, Django. Boy's got sand! I got no use for a nigger with sand. [Django, with a metal collar around his neck and face, looks on] Old Man Carrucan: I want you to burn a runaway "R" right here on his cheek, and the girl, too. [Django groans] Old Man Carrucan: And I want you to take them to the Greenville auction and sell them. Both of them... separately. [Django looks at Old Man Carrucan with rage] Old Man Carrucan: And this one... you will sell him cheap!

§Django Unchained ¤ Stephen: [singing] In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore... [continues signing] Stephen: In the sweet... Django: [Django appears and starts singing] By and by... Ohhhhhh! [Stephen, Miss Lara and everybody else in the room jerks up to Django, who is standing on the top balcony lighting candles] Django: Ya'll gonna be together with Calvin in the "bye-and-bye..." [Django pauses as Billy Crash walks up] Django: ... just a bit sooner than ya'll was expecting!

§Django Unchained ¤ Stephen: You said you ain't know him. Broomhilda: Huh? Stephen: I said, "You said you ain't know him." Broomhilda: I don't. Stephen: Yes, you do. Broomhilda: Mister Stephen, I don't. Stephen: Why is you lying to me? Broomhilda: [on the verge of tears] I ain't. Stephen: Then why is you cryin'? Broomhilda: You scaring me. Stephen: Why is I'm scarin' you? Broomhilda: Because you're scary.

§Django Unchained ¤ Django: It's me, baby...

§Django Unchained ¤ Calvin Candie: I've heard tell about you. I heard you been telling everybody them mandingos ain't no damn good, ain't nothing nobody is selling is worth buying - I'm curious. What makes you such a mandingo expert? Django: I'm curious what makes you so curious.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Oh, Monsieur Candie, you can't imagine what it's like not to hear your mother tongue in four years. Calvin Candie: Well hell, I can't imagine two weeks in Boston! Stephen: [laughs out loud] "Two weeks in Boston!" Monsieur Candie, you a mess!

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Our mutual friend has a flair for the dramatic.

§Django Unchained ¤ [last lines] Django: Let's get out of here.

§Django Unchained ¤ Stephen: [after Django is recaptured, stripped naked, taken to a barn and chained upside down from the ceiling; Stephen walks in and throws a bag of filthy clothes on the barn floor] You leaving. This here is what you take with you. [Stephen pulls up a stool and sits in front of the hanging Django] Stephen: Your black ass is what all them motherfuckers at the Big House could talk about for the last few hours. Seem like white folk ain't never had a bright idea in they life was coming up with all kinds of ways to kill your ass. Now, mind you, most of them ideas had to do with fucking with your fun parts. Now, that may seem like a good idea, but the truth is, when you snip a nigga's nuts, most of them bleed out in, oh, about... seven minutes. Most of them. [Stephen chuckles at the shivering, then-helpless Django] Stephen: Well, more than most. Then I says, "Shitfire! The niggas we sell to LeQuint Dickey got it worse than that!" And they say, "Let's whip him to death!", or "Throw him to the Mandingos. Feed him to Stonesipher's dogs." And I said, "What's so special about that? We do that shit all the time! Hell's bells, the niggas we sell to LeQuint Dickey got it worse than that!" Lo and behold, out of nowhere, Miss Laura come up with the bright idea of giving your ass to the LeQuint Dickey Mining Company! [Django just stares at the old man talking to him] Stephen: And as a slave of the LeQuint Dickey Mining Company, henceforth until the day you die, all day, every day, you will be swingin' a sledgehammer, turnin' big rocks into little rocks. Now, when you get there, they gonna take away your name, give you a number and a sledgehammer, and say, "Get to work!" One word of sass, they cut out your tongue. And they good at it, too. You won't bleed out. Oh, they does that real good! They gonna work ya all day, every day 'till your back give out. Then, they're gonna hit you in the head with a hammer, throw your ass down the nigger hole. [Django looks on] Stephen: And THAT will be the story of you, Django!

§Django Unchained ¤ Big Daddy: It's against the law for niggers to ride horses in this territory. Dr. King Schultz: This is my valet. My valet does not walk. Big Daddy: I said, niggers on horses... Dr. King Schultz: His name is Django. He's a free man. He can ride what he pleases! Big Daddy: Not on my property. Not around my niggers he can't! Dr. King Schultz: My good sir, perhaps we got off on the wrong boot. Allow me to unring this bell! My name is Dr. King Schultz, this is my valet, Django, and these are our horses, Tony and Fritz. [Fritz the horse does his bow, making the slave girls giggle] Dr. King Schultz: Mr. Bennett, I've been lead to believe you're a gentleman and a business man. And it is in these attributes we've ridden from Texas to Tennessee to parlay with you now. I wish to purchase one of your nigger gals! Big Daddy: You and your Jimmie rode from Texas to Tennessee, to buy one of my nigger gals, no appointment, no nothin'? Dr. King Schultz: Well, I'm afraid so! Big Daddy: Well what if I say, I don't like you, or your fancy pants nigger, and I wouldn't sell you a tinkers damn! Now, what'cha got to say about that? Dr. King Schultz: [Django looks at Schultz, Schultz looks at him and looks back up at Big Daddy] Mr. Bennett! If you are the business man I've been led to believe you to be, I have five thousand things I might say that could change your mind. Big Daddy: [smiles] Well, c'mon inside and get yourself somethin' cool to drank!

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: Auf Wiedersehen. Bullseye.

§Django Unchained ¤ Dr. King Schultz: [toasting their business transaction] Prost! Calvin Candie: [toasting in kind] ... German.

§Django Unchained ¤ Django: Hey, white boy! [pause] Django: I said, "hey, white boy!" The LeQuint Dickey Mining Co. Employee: Shut up, black! You ain't got nothing to say I wanna hear! Django: How would you like to make $11,000?

§Django Unchained ¤ Big Daddy: Uh, Betina? Betina: Yessir, Big Daddy? Big Daddy: Uh... [to Schultz] Big Daddy: What's your Jimmie's name again? Dr. King Schultz: Django. Big Daddy: Django! [to Betina] Big Daddy: Betina, sugar, could you take Django there and take him around the grounds here and show him all the pretty stuff? Betina: As you please, Big Daddy! Dr. King Schultz: Oh, Mr. Bennett, I must remind you, Django is a free man. He cannot be treated like a slave. He... within the boundaries of good taste, he must be treated as an extension of myself. Big Daddy: Understood. Betina, sugar? Betina: Yes'um? Big Daddy: Django isn't a slave. Django is a free man. You understand? [Betina pauses] Big Daddy: You can't treat him like any of the other niggers around here, 'cause he ain't like any of the other nigger around here. Ya got it? Betina: You want I should treat him like white folks? Big Daddy: No, that's not what I said! Betina: Then I don't know what you want, Big Daddy! Big Daddy: Yes, I can see that. [turns to Mammy] Big Daddy: Uh, what's the name of that peckerwood boy from town that works with the glass? His momma work at the lumberyard... Big Daddy's Mammy: Oh, you mean Jerry? Big Daddy: That's the boy's name, Jerry! [to Betina] Big Daddy: You know Jerry, don't ya, sugar? Betina: Yes'um, Big Daddy. Big Daddy: Well, that's it then! You just treat him like you would Jerry!

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: [running] OK, so what am I doing? [sees Dodd also running] Leonard Shelby: Oh, I'm chasing this guy. [Dodd shoots at Leonard] Leonard Shelby: No... he's chasing me.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I have to believe in a world outside my own mind. I have to believe that my actions still have meaning, even if I can't remember them. I have to believe that when my eyes are closed, the world's still there. Do I believe the world's still there? Is it still out there?... Yeah. We all need mirrors to remind ourselves who we are. I'm no different.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: We all lie to ourselves to be happy.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I'm not a killer. I'm just someone who wanted to make things right. Can't I just let myself forget what you've told me? Can't I just let myself forget what you've made me do. You think I just want another puzzle to solve? Another John G. to look for? You're John G. So you can be my John G... Will I lie to myself to be happy? In your case Teddy... yes I will.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: You don't want the truth. You make up your own truth.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: Memory can change the shape of a room; it can change the color of a car. And memories can be distorted. They're just an interpretation, they're not a record, and they're irrelevant if you have the facts.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: If we can't make memories, we can't heal.

§Memento ¤ [last lines] Leonard Shelby: Now... where was I?

§Memento ¤ Natalie: What's the last thing that you do remember? Leonard Shelby: My wife... Natalie: That's sweet. Leonard Shelby: ...dying.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I don't even know how long she's been gone. It's like I've woken up in bed and she's not here... because she's gone to the bathroom or something. But somehow, I know she's never gonna come back to bed. If I could just... reach over and touch... her side of the bed, I would know that it was cold, but I can't. I know I can't have her back... but I don't want to wake up in the morning, thinking she's still here. I lie here not knowing... how long I've been alone. So how... how can I heal? How am I supposed to heal if I can't... feel time?

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I can't remember to forget you.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: Remember Sammy Jankis.

§Memento ¤ [repeated line] Leonard Shelby: I have this condition.

§Memento ¤ Natalie: But even if you get revenge you're not gonna remember it. You're not even going to know that it happened. Leonard Shelby: My wife deserves vengance. Doesn't make a difference whether I know about it. Just becuase there are things I don't remember doesn't make my actions meaningless. The world doesn't just disappear when you close your eyes, does it? Anyway, maybe I'll take a photograph to remind myself, get another freaky tattoo.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I don't think they'd let someone like me carry a gun. Teddy: I fucking hope not.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: We all need mirrors to remind ourselves who we are. I'm no different.

§Memento ¤ [finding a beaten man in his closet] Leonard Shelby: ...who did this to you? Dodd: What? Leonard Shelby: Who did this to you? Dodd: You did.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: Hey! Hey, that's not your car! Leonard Shelby: [takes a picture of the Jaguar] It is now. Teddy: Jesus Chri- you can't take it! Leonard Shelby: Why not? Teddy: Because the guy you killed owns it; somebody will recognize it! Leonard Shelby: Well, I rather be mistaken for a dead guy than a killer.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: There are things you know for sure. Natalie: Such as? Leonard Shelby: I know what that's going to sound like when I knock on it. I know that's what going to feel like when I pick it up. See? Certainties. It's the kind of memory that you take for granted.

§Memento ¤ Sammy Jankis: [after being shocked] What the fuck? Doctor: It's a test, Sammy. Sammy Jankis: [flipping him the bird] Test this, you fucking quack!

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: These tracks are just a few days old. Teddy: What are you, Pocahontas?

§Memento ¤ Teddy: So you lie to yourself to be happy. There's nothing wrong with that. We all do it.

§Memento ¤ Natalie: Tell me about her again. Leonard Shelby: Why? Natalie: Because you like to remember her. Leonard Shelby: She was beautiful. To me, she was perfect. Natalie: No, don't just recite the words. Close your eyes... and remember her. Leonard Shelby: You can just feel the details. The bits and pieces you never bothered to put into words. And you can feel these extreme moments... even if you don't want to. You put these together, and you get the feel of a person. Enough to know how much you miss them... and how much you hate the person who took them away.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: You know, I've had more rewarding friendships than this one. Although I do get to keep telling the same jokes.

§Memento ¤ Natalie: You sad, sad freak. I can say whatever the fuck I want, and you won't remember. We'll still be best friends. Or maybe even lovers.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I don't want your fucking money. Jimmy Grantz: Then what? What do you want? Leonard Shelby: I want my fucking life back!

§Memento ¤ Natalie: Is that what your little note says? It must be hard living your life off a couple of scraps of paper. You mix your laundry list with your grocery list you'll end up eating your underwear for breakfast.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: When I looked into his eyes I thought I saw recognition. Now I know. You fake it. If you think you're supposed to recognize somebody you, you just pretend. You bluff it to get a pat on the head from the doctors. You bluff it to seem less like a freak.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: You know how many towns, how many guys called James G? Or John G? Shit, Leonard, I'm a fuckin' John G. Leonard Shelby: Your name's Teddy. Teddy: My *mother* calls me Teddy.

§Memento ¤ [flashback] Leonard Shelby: How can you read that again? Leonard's Wife: It's good. Leonard Shelby: Yeah, but you read it like a thousand times. Leonard's Wife: I enjoy it. Leonard Shelby: I always thought the pleasure of a book was wanting to know what comes next. Leonard's Wife: Hey, don't be a prick. I'm not reading it to annoy you, I enjoy it. Just let me read... please. [smiles at him]

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I take it I've told you about my condition. Teddy: Only every time I see ya.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: Hi. Uh, Lincoln Street? Waiter: Oh, you just take the main road... Leonard Shelby: Hang on, let me write this down. Waiter: Oh, it's easy. You just... Leonard Shelby: Trust me, I need to write this down.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: [checking Leonard's pulse] You're living. Leonard Shelby: Only for revenge.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: But when you killed him I, I was so convinced that you'd remember. But it didn't stick... like nothin' ever sticks, like this won't stick.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: Beg my wife's forgiveness, before I blow [pause] Leonard Shelby: your brains out.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I always thought the joy of reading a book is not knowing what happens next.

§Memento ¤ Burt Hadley: Oh shit. This is the wrong room. You're in 304 now. I'm sorry. I fucked up. Leonard Shelby: This is not my room? Burt Hadley: No, come on, let's go. Leonard Shelby: Why is this my handwriting? Burt Hadley: ...This was your room, but now you're in 304. Leonard Shelby: When was I in here? Burt Hadley: Last week. But then I rented you another room on top of it. Leonard Shelby: Why? Burt Hadley: Business is slow. I mean, I told my boss about the - your condition and stuff, and he said try and rent him another room. Leonard Shelby: So how many rooms am I checked into in this shit-hole? Burt Hadley: Just two, so far. Leonard Shelby: Well, at least you're being honest about ripping me off. Burt Hadley: Well, you're not gonna remember anyway. Leonard Shelby: You don't have to be *that* honest, Burt. Burt Hadley: Leonard, always get a receipt. Leonard Shelby: That's good advice. I'll have to write that down.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: If we talk for too long, I'll forget how we started. Next time I see you, I'm not gonna remember this conversation. I don't even know if I've met you before. [pause] Leonard Shelby: I've told you this before, haven't I?

§Memento ¤ Teddy: You don't know who you are anymore. Leonard Shelby: Of course I do. I'm Leonard Shelby. I'm from San Francisco. Teddy: No, that's who you were. Maybe it's time you started investigating yourself.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: [looking at a near-empty bottle of alcohol in his hand] Hmmm. I don't feel drunk.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I found you, you fuck.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: Facts, not memories. That's how you investigate. I know, it's what I used to do.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: [while walking through a parking lot, Teddy stops at his dilapidated Chevrolet] My car. Teddy: [laughs] This is your car. Leonard Shelby: [holds up a picture of the Jaguar with the caption My Car] Oh, you're in a playful mood. It's not good for you to make fun of somebody's handicap. Teddy: Just trying to have a little fun.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: Probably burned truck loads of your stuff before. Can't remember to forget you.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: Was he scared? Leonard Shelby: Yeah, I think it was your sinister moustache. Teddy: Fuck you.

§Memento ¤ Natalie: You know what one of the reasons for short term memory loss is? Venereal disease. Maybe your cunt of fucking a wife sucked one too many diseased cocks and turned you into a fucking retard.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: I was the only guy who disagreed with the cops - and I had brain damage.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: Sammy Jankis wrote himself endless notes. But he'd get mixed up. I've got a more graceful solution to the memory problem. I'm disciplined and organized. I use habit and routine to make my life possible. Sammy had no drive. No reason to make it work.

§Memento ¤ Teddy: You really want to get this guy, don't you? Leonard Shelby: He killed my wife. He took away my fucking memory. He destroyed my ability to live.

§Memento ¤ Leonard Shelby: You know, I can remember so much. The feel of the world... her. [sighs] Leonard Shelby: She's gone. And the present is trivia, which I scribble down as fucking notes.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Marion: You're not the man I knew ten years ago. Indiana: It's not the years, honey, it's the mileage.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: Do we need the monkey? Marion: I'm surprised at you, Jones. Talking that way about our baby. He's got your looks too. Indiana: And your brains. Marion: I noticed that. She's a smart little thing. Smart!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: Meet me at Omar's. Be ready for me. I'm going after that truck. Sallah: How? Indiana: I don't know. I'm making this up as I go.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Upon opening the Well of the Souls and peering down] Sallah: Indy, why does the floor move? Indiana: Give me your torch. [Indy takes the torch and drops it in, revealing hundreds of snakes all over floor of the Well of Souls] Indiana: Snakes. Why'd it have to be snakes? Sallah: Asps... very dangerous. You go first.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Belloq: How odd that it should end this way for us after so many stimulating encounters. I almost regret it. Where shall I find a new adversary so close to my own level? Indiana: Try the local sewer.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: THERE'S A BIG SNAKE IN THE PLANE, JOCK! Jock: Oh, that's just my pet snake Reggie! Indiana: I HATE SNAKES, JOCK! I HATE 'EM! Jock: Come on! Show a little backbone, will ya!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Marion is being kidnapped] Marion: You can't do this to me, I'm an AMERICAN.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Discussing the fate of the Ark] Maj. Eaton: We have top men working on it right now. Indiana: Who? Maj. Eaton: Top... men.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Brody: Marion's the least of your worries right now, believe me, Indy. Indiana: What do you mean? Brody: Well, I mean that for nearly three thousand years man has been searching for the lost ark. It's not something to be taken lightly. No one knows its secrets. It's like nothing you've ever gone after before. Indiana: [laughing] Oh, Marcus. What are you trying to do, scare me? You sound like my mother. We've known each other for a long time. I don't believe in magic, a lot of superstitious hocus pocus. I'm going after a find of incredible historical significance, you're talking about the boogie man. Besides, you know what a cautious fellow I am. [throws his gun into his suitcase]

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Indiana needs his bullwhip to swing across a chasm] Indiana: Give me the whip. Satipo: Throw me the idol. [they both see a stone door closing] Satipo: No time to argue! Throw me the idol, I'll throw you the whip! Indiana: [throws the idol] Give me the whip! Satipo: [drops the whip] Adiós, señor.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: The Ark of the Covenant, the chest that the Hebrews used to carry around the Ten Commandments. Major Eaton: What, you mean THE Ten Commandments? Indiana: Yes, the actual Ten Commandments, the original stone tablets that Moses brought down from Mt. Horeb and smashed, if you believe in that sort of thing... [the officers stare at him blankly] Indiana: Didn't any of you guys ever go to Sunday school?

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Maj. Eaton: [sees a picture of the Ark with rays of power coming out of it] Good God! Brody: Yes, that's what the Hebrews thought.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Sallah: Oh, my friends! I'm so pleased you're not dead!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: I can only say I'm sorry so many times. Marion: Well, say it again anyway! Indiana: Sorry.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: [Indiana is being strangled against the bar. He calmly looks up at Marion] Whiskey [Marion hands him the whiskey bottle and he smashes it over his assailant's head]

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: Here, take this, [hands Marion a torch] Indiana: Wave it at anything that slithers. Marion: The whole place is slitherin'! [turns and mistakes Indy's whip on his side for a snake] Marion: Indy! [tries to burn it with the torch] Indiana: [screams]

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Indiana falls asleep while kissing her] Marion: We never seem to get a break, do we?

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [as the Nazis are opening the Ark] Indiana: Marion, don't look at it. Shut your eyes, Marion. Don't look at it, no matter what happens!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Toht: Good evening, Fraulein. Marion: The bar's closed. Toht: We are... hehe... not thirsty.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Marion: Well, Jones, at least you haven't forgotten how to show a lady a good time. Indiana: Boy, you're something! Marion: Yeah? I'll tell you what: until I get back my five thousand dollars, you're gonna get more than you bargained for. I'm your goddamn partner!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: [Indy meets Belloq in a crowded bar] Belloq. Belloq: Good afternoon, Dr. Jones. Indiana: I oughta kill you right now. Belloq: Not a very private place for a murder. Indiana: Well, these guys don't care if we kill each other. They're not going to interfere in our business. Belloq: It was not I who brought the girl into this business. Please, sit down before you fall down. We can at least behave like civilized people. [Indy sits down while the monkey crawls off his shoulder] Belloq: I see your taste in friends remains consistent. How odd that it should end this way for us, after so many stimulating encounters. I almost regret it. Where shall I find a new adversary so close to my own level? Indiana: Try the local sewer. Belloq: You and I are very much alike. Archaeology is our religion, yet we have both fallen from the purer faith. Out methods have not differed as much as you pretend. I am a shadowy reflection of you. It would take only a nudge to make you like me, to push you out of the light. Indiana: Now you're getting nasty. Belloq: You know it's true. How nice. Look at this. [holds out a pocket watch] Belloq: It's worthless. Ten dollars from a vendor in the street. But I take it, I bury it in the sand for a thousand years, it becomes priceless... like the Ark. Men will kill for it. Men like you and me. Indiana: What about your boss, der Fuhrer? I thought he was waiting to take possession. Belloq: All in good time. When I am finished with it. Jones, do you realize what the Ark is? It's a transmitter. It's a radio for speaking to God. And it's within my reach. Indiana: You want to talk to God? Let's go see him together. I've got nothing better to do. [prepares to fight Belloq, but Belloq's men train guns on him, and a crowd of children hurries in to escort him away] Belloq: Next time, Dr. Jones, it'll take more than children to save you.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Sallah: Indy, there is something that troubles me. Indiana: What is it? Sallah: The Ark. If it is there, at Tanis, then it is something that man was not meant to disturb. Death has always surrounded it. It is not of this earth.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Satipo: Let us hurry. There is nothing to fear here. Indiana: That's what scares me.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: Hello, Marion. Marion: Indiana Jones. I always knew some day you'd come walking back through my door. I never doubted that. Something made it inevitable. So, what are you doing here in Nepal? Indiana: I need one of the pieces your father collected. [Marion surprises him with a right cross to the jaw] Marion: I've learned to hate you in the last ten years! Indiana: I never meant to hurt you. Marion: I was a child. I was in love. It was wrong and you knew it! Indiana: You knew what you were doing. Marion: Now I do. This is my place. Get out!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Belloq: You and I are very much alike. Archeology is our religion, yet we have both fallen from the pure faith. Our methods have not differed as much as you pretend. I am but a shadowy reflection of you. It would take only a nudge to make you like me. To push you out of the light. Indiana: Now you're getting nasty.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [talking about Marion's late father] Marion: He said you were a bum. Indiana: Aw, he's being generous. Marion: The most gifted bum he ever trained. You know, he loved you like a son... took a hell of a lot for you to alienate him. Indiana: Not much... just you.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Belloq: Dr. Jones. Again we see there is nothing you can possess which I cannot take away. And you thought I'd given up. [Indy reaches for his gun, but pauses and hands over his gun when the warriors draw back their weapons] Belloq: You chose the wrong friends. This time it will cost you. Indiana: Too bad the Hovitos don't know you the way I do, Belloq. [hands over the prized idol to Belloq] Belloq: Yes, too bad. You could warn them... if only you spoke Hovitos.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Katanga: Jones is dead. I killed him. He was of no use to us. This girl, however, has certain value where we're headed. She'll bring a very good price. Herr Colonel - that cargo you've taken - if it's your goal, go in peace with it, but leave us the girl. It will reduce our loss on this trip. Dietrich: Savage! You are not in a position to ask for anything. We will take what we wish, and then decide whether or not to blow your ship from the water. Belloq: The girl goes with me. She'll be part of my compensation. I'm sure your Führer would approve. If she fails to please me, you may do with her as you wish.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Indy triggers a hidden booby trap, which fires a poisoned dart into a stick] Indiana: [hands Satipo the stick] Stay here. Satipo: [shrugs] If you insist, señor.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Sallah: [catches date and points to dead monkey] Bad dates.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Marion: What do you want? Toht: Ah, the same thing your friend Dr. Jones wanted. Surely he mentioned there would be other interested parties? Marion: Must have slipped his mind. Toht: The man is nefarious. I hope for your sake that he has not yet acquired it. Marion: Why, are you willing to offer more? Toht: Oh, almost certainly. Do you still have it? Marion: [blows smoke in his face] No.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [the old man reveals writing on the back of the medallion, which states that part of the staff must be removed] Indiana: Balloq's medallion only had writing on one side? You sure about that? Sallah: Positive! Indiana: Balloq's staff is too long. Indiana, Sallah: They're digging in the wrong place!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Brody: However, an Egyptian pharaoh... Indiana: Shishak. Brody: ...yes, invaded the city of Jerusalem round about 980 B.C., and he may have take the Ark back to the city of Tanis and hidden it in a secret chamber called The Well of Souls. Major Eaton: [skeptically] Secret chamber? Brody: However, about a year after the pharaoh had returned to Egypt, the city of Tanis was consumed by the desert in a sand storm which lasted a whole year. Wiped clean by the wrath of God. Major Eaton: [turns slowly toward Col. Musgrove] Uh... huh. Colonel Musgrove: Obviously, we've come to the right men. Now you seem to know, uh, all about this Tanis, then. Indiana: No, no, not really. Ravenwood is the real expert. Abner did the first serious work on Tanis. Collected some of its relics. It was his obsession, really. But he never found the city. Major Eaton: Frankly, we're somewhat suspicious of Mr. Ravenwood, an American being mentioned so prominently in a secret Nazi cable. Brody: Oh, rubbish. Ravenwood's no Nazi. Colonel Musgrove: Well, what do the Nazis want him for then? Indiana: Well, obviously, the Nazis are looking for the headpiece to Staff of Ra and they think Abner's got it. Major Eaton: What exactly is a headpiece to the Staff of Ra? Indiana: Well, the staff is just a stick. I don't know, about this big. Nobody really knows for sure how high. And it's... [turns blackboard to blank side] Indiana: it's, uh... it's capped with an elaborate headpiece in the shape of the sun with a crystal in the center. And what you did was, you take the staff to a special room in Tanis, a map room with a miniature of the city all laid out on the floor. And if you put the staff in a certain place at a certain time of day, the sun shone through here and made beam that came down on the floor here... and gave you the exact location of the Well of the Souls. Colonel Musgrove: Where the Ark of the Covenant was kept, right?. Indiana: That's exactly what the Nazis are looking for. Major Eaton: Now what does this Ark look like? Indiana: Uh... there's a picture of it right here. [opens a book on the table] Indiana: That's it. [they all look at an illustration of the Hebrews devastating their enemy with the Ark] Major Eaton: Good God! Brody: Yes, that's just what the Hebrews thought. Colonel Musgrove: [pointing to a beam of light] Uh, now what's that supposed to be coming out of there? Indiana: Lightning. Fire. Power of God or something. Major Eaton: I'm beginning to understand Hitler's interest in this. Brody: Oh, yes. The Bible speaks of the Ark leveling mountains and laying waste to entire regions. An army which carries the Ark before it... is invincible.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Belloq: It's a transmitter, a radio for speaking to God.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Belloq: Look at this. It's worthless - ten dollars from a vendor in the street. But I take it, I bury it in the sand for a thousand years, it becomes priceless. Like the Ark.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [looking at an old picture of the Ark] Colonel Musgrove: Now, what's that supposed to be coming out of there? Indiana: Lightning. Fire. The power of God or something. Major Eaton: I'm beginning to understand Hitler's interest in this.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Toht: Now... what shall we talk about?

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: [to Satipo's dead body] Adios, Satipo...

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: [Marion tends to Indiana's wounds as she lifts his legs onto his bed] Please I don't need a nurse I just want to sleep. Marion: Don't be such a baby Indiana: Marion leave me alone, go away. Marion: What's this here? [touches one of his injuries] Indiana: Yes it hurts. [she puts some rubbing alcohol on his wound] Indiana: Ow! Marion: Well goddamnit Indy where doesn't it hurt? Indiana: [points at his elbow] Here! [she kisses it] Indiana: [points at his head] Here! [she removes his hat and kisses him on the head] Indiana: [touches his eye] This isn't too bad [she kisses it] Indiana: [touches his lips] Here [she gives him a long passionate kiss on the lips]

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Major Eaton: Doctor Jones, we've heard a lot about you. Indiana: Have you? Major Eaton: Professor of Archeology, expert on the occult, and how does one say it... obtainer of rare antiquities. Indiana: That's one way of saying it. Why don't you sit down, you'll be more comfortable. Colonel Musgrove: Yes, you're a man of many talents. Major Eaton: Now, you studied under Professor Ravenwood at the University of Chicago. Indiana: Yes, I did. Major Eaton: You have no idea of his present whereabouts? Indiana: Only rumors, really. Somewhere in Asia, I think. I haven't really spoken to him in ten years. We were friends once, but we had a bit of a falling out, I'm afraid. Colonel Musgrove: Now, Doctor Jones, you must understand that this is all completely confidential. Indiana: I understand. Colonel Musgrove: Yesterday afternoon, our European section intercepted a German communique that was sent from Cairo to Berlin. Major Eaton: You see, for the last two years, the Nazis have had teams of archaeologists running around the world looking for all sorts of religious artifacts. Hitler's a nut on the subject. He's crazy. He's obsessed with the occult. And right now, apparently, there is some kind of German archaeological dig going on in the desert outside Cairo. Colonel Musgrove: Now, we have some information here, but we can't make anything out of it and maybe you can. "Tanis development proceeding. Acquire headpiece, Staff of Ra, Abner Ravenwood, US." Indiana: The Nazis have discovered Tanis! Major Eaton: Now just what does that mean to you... 'Tanis'? Indiana: Tanis is one of the possible resting places of the Lost Ark. Colonel Musgrove: The Lost Ark? Indiana: Yeah, the Ark of the Covenant. The chest the Hebrews used to carry the Ten Commandments around in. Major Eaton: Alright now, what do you mean the Ten Commandments, you're talking about THE Ten Commandments? Indiana: Yes, the actual Ten Commandments. The original stone tablets that Moses brought down out of Mount Horeb and smashed, if you believe in that sort of thing. Didn't you guys ever go to Sunday School? Look, the Hebrews took the broken pieces and put them into the Ark. When they settled in Canaan, they put the Ark in a place called The Temple of Solomon, where it stayed for many years, till all of a sudden... whoosh, it was gone. Major Eaton: Where? Indiana: Nobody knows where or when.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Sallah: Indy, you have no time. If you still want the ark, it is being loaded onto a truck for Cairo. Indiana: Truck? What truck?

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Toht prepares to torture Marion with a hot poker] Marion: Wait, wait! I can be reasonable! Toht: That time has passed. Marion: You don't need that. I'll tell you everything! Toht: Yes, I know you will.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Marion removes heavy robe to reveal satin negligèe] Indiana: Where'd you get that? Marion: From him. Indiana: Who 'him'? Marion: Katanga. I got a feeling I'm not the first woman to travel with these pirates.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Toht: We meet again, Fraulein. You Americans, you're all the same. Always overdressing for the wrong occasions.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Messenger Pirate: [searching for Jones after the Germans board the U-boat] I can't find Mr. Jones, Captain. I've looked everywhere. Katanga: He has to be here somewhere. Look again. Messenger Pirate: [notices Indy climbing aboard the U-Boat] I found him. Katanga: Where? Messenger Pirate: [pointing to the U-Boat] There!

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [last lines] Marion: Hey, what happened? You don't look very happy. Indiana: Fools. Bureaucratic fools! Marion: What'd they say? Indiana: They don't know what they've got there. Marion: Well, I know what I've got here. Come on. I'll buy you a drink. You know, a drink?

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Indiana: [Indy's first lines] This is it... This is where Forrestal cashed in. Satipo: A friend of yours? Indiana: A competitor... he was good. He was very good.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Imam: This were the old way, this says "six Kadan height - " Indiana: About seventy-two inches. Imam: Wait! [turns medallion over] Imam: "And take back one Kadan, to honor the Hebrew God whose ark this is."

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ [Belloq and the Nazis are walking and talking some more] Belloq: Who knows. Perhaps the Ark is still waiting in some antechamber for us to discover. Perhaps there's some vital bit of evidence which eludes us. Perhaps... Gobler: [interrupting him] Perhaps the girl can help us. Dietrich: My feeling exactly. She was in possession of the original piece for years. She may know much if... properly motivated. Belloq: I tell you the girl knows nothing. Dietrich: I am surprised to find you squeamish. That is not your reputation. Anyway, it needn't concern you. I have the perfect man for this kind of work. [Toht approaches] Toht: Heil Hitler.

§Raiders of the Lost Ark ¤ Toht: Your fire is dying... here, why don't you tell me where the piece is right now? Marion: Listen, Herr Mac, I don't know what kind of people you're used to dealing with, but nobody tells me what to do in my place. Toht: Fräulein Ravenwood, let me show you what I am used to...

§WALL·E ¤ EVE: Name? WALL.E: WALL-E. EVE: WALL-E? [giggles] EVE: EVE. WALL.E: [attempting to pronounce it] Eeee... EVE: EVE. WALL.E: Eeeee... aah. EVE: "EVE"! "EVE"! WALL.E: Eeeee... va? [EVE giggles]

§WALL·E ¤ Ship's Computer: Voice confirmation required. Captain: Uhhh... Ship's Computer: [after the "uhh" echoes] Accepted.

§WALL·E ¤ EVE: [EVE repeats "Directive" in multiple languages, ending with...] Directive? [WALL-E demonstrates his trash-compacting function] WALL.E: Ta-dah! EVE: Ohhh... WALL.E: Dirrrrr-ect-tivvve? EVE: Directive? [WALL-E nods] EVE: [Eve turns away, sharply] Classified. WALL.E: Oh.

§WALL·E ¤ AUTO: [Auto has just shown the Captain directive A-113, which is a message not to return to Earth due to rising toxicity levels making life unsustainable] Now, the plant. Captain: No wait a minute, Computer when was the message sent out to the Axiom? Ship's Computer: Message received in the year 2110. Captain: That's... That's nearly 700 years ago! Auto, things have changed. We've gotta go back. AUTO: Sir, orders are do not return to Earth. Captain: But life is sustainable now. Look at this plant. Green and growing. It's living proof he was wrong. AUTO: Irrelevant, Captain. Captain: What? It's completely relevant. [moves toward the window] Captain: Out there is our home. *HOME*, Auto. And it's in trouble. I can't just sit here and-and-do nothing. [moves back toward Auto] Captain: That's all I've ever done! That's all anyone on this blasted ship has ever done. Nothing! AUTO: On the Axiom, you will survive. Captain: I don't want to survive. I want to live. AUTO: Must follow my directive. Captain: [groans in frustration, then turns around and notices that Auto is looming closer in the portraits of his predecessors. AUTO looms close behind him making him tighten his cap] I'm the captain of the Axiom. We are going home *today*. [Auto advances toward him threateningly, causing the Captain to flinch]

§WALL·E ¤ [last lines] Captain: This is called farming! You kids are gonna grow all kinds of plants! Vegetable plants, pizza plants. [laughs] Captain: Oh, it's good to be home!

§WALL·E ¤ WALL.E: [M-O has finished cleaning a severely damaged WALL-E, who strains to give a handshake] WALL-E. MO: [M-O scrubs WALL-E's hand, then shakes it] M-O. [M-O reverts to his box form] WALL.E: [pause] M-O? MO: M-O. WALL.E: [another pause] M-O.

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: [Standing in front of a hologram of the plant from EVE's camera] Haha! Look what I got, AUTO! AUTO: Not possible. Captain: [chuckles] That's right, the plant. Oh, you want it? Come and get it, blinky.

§WALL·E ¤ Ship's Computer: Caution: Rogue robots. Caution... WALL.E: Oh, EVA. [points at screen with them on it, EVE fires a laser blast at the screen, destroying it] WALL.E: Ohh... [folds up inside himself]

§WALL·E ¤ [repeated line] MO: Foreign contaminant!

§WALL·E ¤ WALL.E: [to John] WALL-E. John: Uh, John. WALL.E: Eva? John: Uh, no, John. WALL.E: EVA! [rushes over to EVE] John: Bye, WALL-E.

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: We'll see who's powerless now!

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: Define "hoe-down". Ship's Computer: Hoe-down: A social gathering at which lively dancing would take place. Captain: [AUTO appears near the captain] AUTO! Earth is amazing! These are called "farms". Humans would put seeds in the ground, pour water on them, and they grow food - like, pizza! AUTO: [shuts off information display] Good night, Captain. Captain: Aww! [starts to move away from workstation, but stops and turns around slightly] Captain: Psst - Computer, define "dancing". Ship's Computer: [WALL-E and EVE are seen outside a window in space, flying around] Dancing: A series of movements involving two partners, where speed and rhythm match harmoniously with music. [camera cuts to outside the Axiom, and WALL-E and EVE continue to "dance"]

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: 12:30? AUTO, why didn't you wake me for morning announcements? Honestly, it's the one thing I get to do on this ship. [Resets the ship back to morning] Captain: Well, good morning, everybody, and welcome to day 255,642 aboard the Axiom. As always, the weather is a balmy 72 degrees and sunny, and, uh... Oh, I see the ship's log is showing that today is the 700th anniversary of our five year cruise. Well, I'm sure our forefathers would be proud to know that 700 years later we'd be... doing the exact same thing they were doing. So, be sure next mealtime to ask for your free sep-tua-centennial cupcake in a cup. Wow, look at that.

§WALL·E ¤ Mary: [Mary is looking at the stars outside the Axiom while other passengers pass idly by] Oh! So many stars! Ah. [she sees WALL-E and EVE flying around outside] Mary: Oh! Hey! That's what's-his-name! [backs up, bumps into John] John: Hey! What the-? Mary: Look! Look, look, look! [she shuts off his chair and screen, making him aware of his surroundings] John: Huh? What? [sees WALL-E and EVE] John: Hey... I know that guy! It's uh, uh... WALL-E! That's it! Hey - WALL-E! It's your buddy John! Mary: [simultaneously] Hey! Hi, WALL-E! [John casually puts his right hand upon Mary's] John: [looks down, somewhat surprised; looks up at Mary, smiles] Hi. Mary: [smiles] Hi.

§WALL·E ¤ WALL.E: [showing EVE bubble-wrap and popping a bubble] Pop! [points to EVE] WALL.E: You pop!

§WALL·E ¤ Mary: [a group of youngsters rolls on the floor of the leaning ship toward where their arms stretch out as a barrier beyond the other fallen passengers] John, get ready to have some kids!

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: Wait, that doesn't look like Earth. Where's the blue sky? Where's the-the grass?

§WALL·E ¤ Mary: I didn't know we had a pool!

§WALL·E ¤ Teacher Robot: A is for Axiom, your home sweet home. B is for Buy N Large, your very best friend.

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: AUTO, you are relieved of duty! [strains up and switches AUTO to "manual"] AUTO: Nooooooooo.

§WALL·E ¤ WALL.E: W-W-WALL-E Mary: [Introducing herself] Mary. WALL.E: [Points to EVE] EE-va? Mary: Oh, yes, of course. Excuse me. [Backs herself out of the way so WALL-E can ride with EVE, the shuttle stops and Mary disembarks with a gasp] Mary: I-I didn't know we had a pool!

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: Computer, define 'dancing.'

§WALL·E ¤ [first lines] Voice in commercial: Too much garbage in your face? There's plenty of space out in space! BnL StarLiners leaving each day. We'll clean up the mess while you're away.

§WALL·E ¤ Ship's Computer: [advertising bodysuits] Try blue, it's the new red!

§WALL·E ¤ [repeated line] AUTO: Give me the plant.

§WALL·E ¤ [repeated line] EVE: WALL-E!

§WALL·E ¤ Shelby Forthright, BnL CEO: [Shelby appears onscreen in an old classified recorded message] Hey there, autopilots. Got some bad news. Um... Operation Cleanup has, well uh, failed. Wouldn't you know, rising toxicity levels have made life unsustainable on Earth. Captain: [to himself, looking at healthy plant] Unsustainable? What? Shelby Forthright, BnL CEO: Darn it all, we're gonna have to cancel Operation Recolonize. So uh, just stay the course, um... Rather than try and fix this problem, it'll just be easier for everyone to remain in space. Captain: "Easier"? Shelby's advisor: Mr. President, sir. Sir! Time to go. Shelby Forthright, BnL CEO: [overlapping] Uh, I think - huh? Okay, I'm giving override, uh, Directive A113. Go to full autopilot. Take control of everything, and do not return to Earth. I repeat, do not return to Earth. [puts on his gas mask and starts to leave] Shelby Forthright, BnL CEO: Let's get the heck outta here.

§WALL·E ¤ [repeated line] EVE: Directive.

§WALL·E ¤ Ship's Computer: Time for lunch... in a cup!

§WALL·E ¤ MO's computer: [after scanning Wall-E screen says 100%] Foreign contaminant! MO: Huh? Whoa-whoa-whoa whoa whoa!

§WALL·E ¤ John: [WALL-E is looking for EVE and bumps into John, turning off his display] What-what the? [Notices WALL-E] WALL.E: [Introducing himself] WALL-E! John: Uhh... John... WALL.E: EE-va? John: [Confused] No? John.

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: [Auto has confined him to his quarters] Stupid wheel!

§WALL·E ¤ [repeated line, regarding the recovered plant] AUTO: Not possible.

§WALL·E ¤ [repeated line] MO's computer: Foreign contaminant!

§WALL·E ¤ EVE: [while floating in space, EVE takes the plant that WALL-E saved and puts it back inside her body] WALL-E! Love you!

§WALL·E ¤ Axiom Passenger #1: I've been in my cabin all morning, so let's hover over to the driving range and hit a few virtual balls into space. [WALL.E exclaims near the end of the above sentence] Axiom Passenger #2: [On Passenger #1's screen] No, we did that yesterday. I don't want to do that. [Both pessengers is side-by-side apart from WALL.E] Axiom Passenger #1: Well, then what do you want to do? Axiom Passenger #2: I don't know. Somthing.

§WALL·E ¤ Captain: We have a jogging track?

§WALL·E ¤ Voice in commercial: [a commercial appears as a hologram when WALL-E passes nearby] The jewel of BnL fleet; The Axiom! Spend your five year cruise in style: Maided on 24 hours a day by our fully automated crew, while your captain and autopilot chart a course for non-stop entertainment, fine dining; And with our all-access hoverchairs, even grandma can join the fun! There's no need to walk! The Axiom - Putting the "star" in executive StarLiner! Shelby Forthright, BnL CEO: [appears on the screen] Because at BnL, space is the final "FUN-tier"!

§WALL·E ¤ EVE: [after Eve sees the plant get thrown into the garbage chute] [in a mechanized voice] EVE: Crap.

§WALL·E ¤ Ship's Computer: [as "FEMALE LOUDSPEAKER VOICE"; The camera pans down from the computerized sky to the main bridge] Buy N Large. Everything you need to be happy. Your day is very important to us.

§WALL·E ¤ Ship's Computer: [From WALL.E's point of view, he sees the salon called "Beautiful"] Feel beautiful. In the salon, multiple PR-Ts is working the Axiom's passengers PR-T: [as PR-T #1] It's a new you. Stunning. PR-T: [as PR-T #2] You look great. PR-T: [as PR-T #3] I know, honey. Men. PR-T: [as PR-T #4] !en.

§WALL·E ¤ Steward Bots: [Six of them showing a white hand on a red background in their screens] Halt! [WALL.E, with EVE's blaster hand, shutters as, a couple seconds later, another robot pushes him against the Steward Bots] EVE: [Exclaims at WALL.E, as she approaches] WALL.E! WALL.E: Aah! [One Steward Bot captures them on camera; "CAUTION". The "CAUTION" picture spreads over the Axiom] Ship's Computer: Caution. Rouge Robots. [Picture spreads throughout the food court] Ship's Computer: Caution. [Picture spreads from another camera angle] Ship's Computer: Rouge robots. [Back to WALL.E and EVE] Ship's Computer: Caution. [Steward Bots now show the picture] Ship's Computer: Rouge Robots. EVE: [Exclaims in alarmn turns toward WALL.E] Aah. WALL.E! [Stewards Bots powers up their capturing lasers. EVE exclaims in alarm, as she picks up WALL.E just as the laser misses the robots' target]

§WALL·E ¤ PR-T: [Putting Woman's facial makeup on WALL.E; as "Beautician-Bot"] Just a trim-a trim-a trim? [PR-T uses a mirror] PR-T: You look gorgeous. WALL.E: [Exclaims in pain] Uh-oh! [Robotic hand puts WALL.E into a waiting room for repairs]

§The Lives of Others ¤ [last lines] Buchverkäufer: 29.80. Would you like it gift wrapped? Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: No. It's for me.

§The Lives of Others ¤ [Wiesler enters the elevator at his apartment building. A young boy with a ball joins him] Junge mit Ball: Are you really with the Stasi? Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: Do you even know what the Stasi is? Junge mit Ball: Yes. They're bad men who put people in prison, says my dad. Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: I see. What is the name of your... [pauses] Junge mit Ball: My what? Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: [thinks for a few more seconds] Ball. What's the name of your ball? Junge mit Ball: You're funny. Balls don't have names.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Georg Dreyman: You know what Lenin said about Beethoven's Appassionata, 'If I keep listening to it, I won't finish the revolution.' Can anyone who has heard this music, I mean truly heard it, really be a bad person?

§The Lives of Others ¤ Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: An innocent prisoner will become more angry by the hour due to the injustice suffered. He will shout and rage. A guilty prisoner becomes more calm and quiet. Or he cries. He knows he's there for a reason. The best way to establish guilt or innocence is non-stop interrogation.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: Madam? Christa-Maria Sieland: Go away. I want to be alone. Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: Madam Sieland? Christa-Maria Sieland: Do we know each other? Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: You don't know me, but I know you. Many people love you for who you are. Christa-Maria Sieland: Actors are never "who they are." Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: You are. I've seen you on stage. You were more who you are than you are now. Christa-Maria Sieland: So you know what I'm like. Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: I'm your audience. Christa-Maria Sieland: I have to go. Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: Where to? Christa-Maria Sieland: I'm meeting an old classmate. I... Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: You see? Just now, you weren't being yourself. Christa-Maria Sieland: No? Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: No. Christa-Maria Sieland: So you know her well, this Christa-Maria Sieland. What do you think - would she hurt someone who loves her above all else? Would she sell herself for art? Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: For art? You already have art. That'd be a bad deal. You are a great artist. Don't you know that? Christa-Maria Sieland: And you are a good man.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Georg Dreyman: The state office for statistics on Hans-Beimler street counts everything; knows everything: how many pairs of shoes I buy a year: 2.3, how many books I read a year: 3.2 and how many students graduate with perfect marks: 6,347. But there's one statistic that isn't collected there, perhaps because such numbers cause even paper-pushers pain: and that is the suicide rate.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: I have to show you something: "Prison Conditions for Subversive Artists: Based on Character Profile". Pretty scientific, eh? And look at this: "Dissertation Supervisor, A. Grubitz". That's great, isn't it? I only gave him a B. They shouldn't think getting a doctorate with me is easy. But his is first-class. Did you know that there are just five types of artists? Your guy, Dreyman, is a Type 4, a "hysterical anthropocentrist." Can't bear being alone, always talking, needing friends. That type should never be brought to trial. They thrive on that. Temporary detention is the best way to deal with them. Complete isolation and no set release date. No human contact the whole time, not even with the guards. Good treatment, no harassment, no abuse, no scandals, nothing they could write about later. After 10 months, we release. Suddenly, that guy won't cause us any more trouble. Know what the best part is? Most type 4s we've processed in this way never write anything again. Or paint anything, or whatever artists do. And that without any use of force. Just like that. Kind of like a present.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Unterleutnant Axel Stigler: [enthusiastic] I've got a new one. So... Honecker comes into his office in the morning... opens the window, looks at the sun, and says... Unterleutnant Axel Stigler: [starts to worry] ... eh... what is it? Unterleutnant Axel Stigler: [startled] Oh, excuse me. That was... I'm just... I... Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: [tries to put Stigler at ease] No no no, please colleague. We can still laugh about our state officials. Don't worry. Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: [almost laughing] I probably know it already anyway. Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: [encouraging] Come on! Tell it. Unterleutnant Axel Stigler: [feeling more comfortable] Well... Honecker, I mean... the General Secretary... sees the sun, and says, 'Good morning dear sun!' Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: [with high pitch mocking voice] 'Good morning dear sun!' Unterleutnant Axel Stigler: ...and the sun answered, 'Good morning dear Erich!' At afternoon Erich sees the sun again and says, 'Good day dear sun' And the sun says: 'Good day dear Erich!' After work Honecker goes back to the window and says, 'Good evening dear sun!' But the sun doesn't answer! So he says again, 'Good evening dear sun, what's wrong?' And the sun answered and said, 'Oh, kiss my ass, I'm in the West now!' [laughing] Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: Name? [becoming deadly serious] Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: Rank? Department? Unterleutnant Axel Stigler: [frightened] Me? Stigler, 2nd Lieutenant Alex Stigler. Department M. Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: [almost sighing] Don't need to tell you what this means for your career, what you just did. Unterleutnant Axel Stigler: [scared, slightly angry] Please Lieutenant Colonel... I just... Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: [angry] You just mocked our party! That was political agitation! Surely just the tip of the iceberg! I am going to report this to the minister's office. Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: [starts laughing] Hahahaha! I was just kidding! Pretty good, huh? Yours was good too. But I've got a better one. What is the difference between Erich Honecker and a telephone? [pauses] Oberstleutnant Anton Grubitz: Nothing! Hang up... try again. Hahaha!

§The Lives of Others ¤ Georg Dreyman: You are a great artist. I know that, and your audience knows it, too. You don't need him. You don't need him. Stay here. Don't go to him. Christa-Maria Sieland: No? I don't need him? Don't I need this whole system? What about you? Then you don't need it either, or need it even less. But you get in bed with them, too. Why do you do it? Because they can destroy you too, despite your talent and your faith. Because they decide what we play, who is to act, and who can direct.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Georg Dreyman: I want to ask you one thing. Minister Bruno Hempf: Anything, my dear Dreyman. Georg Dreyman: Why wasn't my flat wired? Everyone was under surveillance. Why not me? Minister Bruno Hempf: [whispers] You were under full surveillance. We knew everything about you. Georg Dreyman: Full surveillance? Minister Bruno Hempf: The whole place was bugged. The works. Georg Dreyman: Impossible. Minister Bruno Hempf: Take a look behind your light switches. We knew everything. We even knew that you weren't man enough to satisfy our little Christa. Georg Dreyman: [contemptuously] To think that people like you ruled a country.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: Socialism has to start somewhere.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Paul Hauser: [playing a record because the Stasi have bugged his flat] I foolishly rehearsed my speech for the West in here. Since then, I've become very musical.

§The Lives of Others ¤ [first lines] Guard: [subtitled version] Stand still. Eyes to the floor. [pause] Guard: Walk on.

§The Lives of Others ¤ Paul Hauser: [to Hessenstein] We know you're working with the Stasi! Georg Dreyman: Paul! No, Paul, I don't know that!

§The Lives of Others ¤ Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: Hands under your thighs. Palms down... What do you have to tell us? Prisoner: I haven't done anything .. I don't know anything. Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: You have done nothing... know nothing... . so you think we just arrest innocent citizens on a whim? Prisoner: No... not Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler: If you think our humane system is capable of something like that, that would be a reason enough to arrest you

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis: Wait a minute, haven't I seen you before? I know your face. Norma Desmond: Get out! Or shall I call my servant? Joe Gillis: You're Norma Desmond. You used to be in silent pictures. You used to be big. Norma Desmond: I *am* big. It's the *pictures* that got small.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ [last lines] Norma Desmond: [to newsreel camera] And I promise you I'll never desert you again because after 'Salome' we'll make another picture and another picture. You see, this is my life! It always will be! Nothing else! Just us, and the cameras, and those wonderful people out there in the dark!... All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: We didn't need dialogue. We had faces!

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Betty Schaefer: Don't you sometimes hate yourself? Joe Gillis: Constantly.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis: Audiences don't know somebody sits down and writes a picture; they think the actors make it up as they go along.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): Well, this is where you came in, back at that pool again, the one I always wanted. It's dawn now and they must have photographed me a thousand times. Then they got a couple of pruning hooks from the garden and fished me out... ever so gently. Funny, how gentle people get with you once you're dead.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis: I didn't know you were planning a comeback. Norma Desmond: I hate that word. It's a return, a return to the millions of people who have never forgiven me for deserting the screen.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: No one ever leaves a star. That's what makes one a star.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Betty Schaefer: Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Gillis, but I just didn't think it was any good. I found it flat and trite. Joe Gillis: Exactly what kind of material do you recommend? James Joyce? Dostoyevsky? Betty Schaefer: I just think that pictures should say a little something. Joe Gillis: Oh, one of the message kids. Just a story won't do. You'd have turned down Gone With the Wind. Sheldrake: No, that was me. I said, "Who wants to see a Civil War picture?"

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ First assistant director: [about Norma Desmond] She must be a million years old. Cecil B. DeMille: I hate to think where that puts me. I could be her father.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Betty Schaefer: Oh, the old familiar story. You help a timid little soul cross a crowded street, she turns out to be a multimillionaire and leaves you all her money. Joe Gillis: That's the trouble with you readers. You know all the plots.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): The poor dope - he always wanted a pool. Well, in the end, he got himself a pool.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: Without me, there wouldn't be any Paramount studio.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis: I'm not an executive, just a writer. Norma Desmond: You are, are you? Writing words, words, more words! Well, you'll make a rope of words and strangle this business! With a microphone there to catch the last gurgles, and Technicolor to photograph the red, swollen tongues!

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): So they were turning after all, those cameras. Life, which can be strangely merciful, had taken pity on Norma Desmond. The dream she had clung to so desperately had enfolded her.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Betty Schaefer: Perhaps the reason I hated "Bases Loaded" is that I knew your name. I'd always heard you had some talent. Joe Gillis: That was last year. This year I'm trying to earn a living.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: We don't need two cars, we have a car. Not one of those cheap new things made of chromium and spit, an Isotta-Fraschini. Have you ever heard of Isotta-Fraschini? All handmade. Cost me $28,000.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): You don't yell at a sleepwalker - he may fall and break his neck. That's it: she was still sleepwalking along the giddy heights of a lost career.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: You heard him. I'm a star. Joe Gillis: Norma, you're a woman of 50, now grow up. There's nothing tragic about being 50, not unless you try to be 25. Norma Desmond: The greatest star of them all.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: There once was a time in this business when I had the eyes of the whole world! But that wasn't good enough for them, oh no! They had to have the ears of the whole world too. So they opened their big mouths and out came talk. Talk! TALK!

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Max Von Mayerling: There were three young directors who showed promise in those days: D. W. Griffith, Cecil B. DeMille, and Max Von Mayerling. Joe Gillis: And she's turned you into a servant. Max Von Mayerling: It was I who asked to come back, as humiliating as it may seem. I could have continued my career; only I found everything unendurable after she'd left me. You see, I was her first husband.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Betty Schaefer: I've been hoping to run into you. Joe Gillis: What for? To recover that knife you stuck in my back?

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: The stars are ageless, aren't they?

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): The whole place seemed to have been stricken with a kind of creeping paralysis - out of beat with the rest of the world, crumbling apart in slow motion.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis: Tell her, Max. C'mon, do her that favor. Tell her there isn't going to be any picture. Tell her there are no fan letters other than the ones you write. Norma Desmond: It's not true! Max! Max Von Mayerling: Madame is the greatest star of them all.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Policeman: [calling on the phone] Coroner's office. I want to speak to the coroner. Who's on this phone? Hedda Hopper: [in Norma's room, on the phone] I am. Now, get off. This is more important. Times City Desk? Hedda Hopper speaking. I'm talking from the bedroom of Norma Desmond. Don't bother with a rewrite man, take it direct! Ready? As day breaks...

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Cecil B. DeMille: You didn't know Norma Desmond as a lovely little girl of 17 - with more courage and wit and *heart*, that ever came together in one youngster. First assistant director: I understand she was a terror to work with. Cecil B. DeMille: Only toward the end. You know, a dozen press agents working overtime can do terrible things to the human spirit.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ [the salesman thinks Joe is a gigolo] Salesman: [whispering in Joe's ear] As long as the lady is paying for it, why not take the Vicuna?

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: They took the idols and smashed them, the Fairbankses, the Gilberts, the Valentinos! And who've we got now? Some nobodies!

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Betty Schaefer: Where have you been keeping yourself? I've got the most wonderful news for you. Joe Gillis: I haven't been keeping myself at all, lately.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): [Joe is reading Norma's script] Sometimes it's interesting to see just how bad - bad writing can be. This promised to go the limit.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis: You really going to send that script to DeMille? Norma Desmond: Yes, I am! This is the day! Here's the chart from my astrologer. She read DeMille's horoscope, she read mine. Joe Gillis: Did she read the script? Norma Desmond: DeMille is Leo. I'm Scorpio. Mars' been transiting Jupiter for weeks. Today is the day of *greatest* conjunction.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ [after hearing that Norma Desmond has come to see DeMille] First assistant director: I can tell her you're all tied up in the projection room. I can give her the brush. Cecil B. DeMille: Thirty million fans have given her the brush. Isn't that enough?

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): Then I talked to a couple of Yes men at Metro. To me, they said No.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): The plain fact was she was afraid of that world outside. Afraid it would remind her that time had passed.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis: [Norma threatens suicide again] Oh, wake up, Norma, you'd be killing yourself to an empty house. The audience left twenty years ago. Now, face it. Norma Desmond: That's a lie! They still want me!

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: Don't be silly. [hands Joe a present] Norma Desmond: Here, I was going to give it to you at midnight. Joe Gillis: Norma, I can't take it, you've bought me enough. Norma Desmond: Shut up, I'm rich! I'm richer than all this new Hollywood trash! I've got a million dollars. Joe Gillis: Keep it. Norma Desmond: Own three blocks downtown, I've got oil in Bakersfield, pumping, *pumping*, pumping! What's it for but to buy us anything we want! Joe Gillis: Cut out that "us" business! Norma Desmond: What's the matter with you? Joe Gillis: What right do you have to take me for granted? Norma Desmond: What right? Do you want me to tell you? Joe Gillis: Has it ever occurred to you that I may have a life of my own? That there may be some girl I'm crazy about? Norma Desmond: Who? Some car hop, or dress extra? Joe Gillis: What I'm trying to say is that I'm all wrong for you. You want a Valentino, somebody with polo ponies, a big shot! Norma Desmond: What you're trying to say is that you don't want me to love you. Say it. Say it! [slaps him hard across the face]

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): You don't yell at a sleepwalker. He may fall and break his neck.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: Those idiot producers. Those imbeciles. Haven't they got any eyes? Have they forgotten what a star looks like? I'll show them! I'll be up there again, so help me!

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): Come think of it, the whole place seemed to have been stricken with the kind of creeping paralysis... out of beat with the rest of the world... crumbling apart in slow motion. There was a tennis court... or rather the ghost of a tennis court... with faded markings and a sagging net... And of course she had a pool. Who didn't then? Mabel Norman and John Gilbert must have swum in it ten thousand midnights ago... It was empty now. Or was it? [cut to close-up of rats]

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Morino: Don't you know the finest things in the world have been written on an empty stomach.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Betty Schaefer: I had ten years of dramatic lessons, diction, dancing. Then, the studio made a test. Well, they didn't like my nose - slanted, this way a little. So, I went to a doctor and had it fixed. They made more tests and they were crazy about my nose. Only, they didn't like my acting.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ [first lines] Joe Gillis: Yes, this is Sunset Blvd., Los Angeles, California. It's about 5 o'clock in the morning. That's the homicide squad, complete with detectives and newspaper men.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: You there! Why are you so late? Why have you kept me waiting so long?

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): It was all very queer. But, queerer things were yet to come.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Max Von Mayerling: Madame has moments of melancholy.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Joe Gillis (as narrator): I felt caught like the cigarette in that contraption on her finger.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: Great stars have great pride!

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Norma Desmond: The last time I saw you was someplace very gay! I remember waving to you. I was dancing on a table! Cecil B. DeMille: A lot of people were. Lindbergh had just landed in Paris.

§Sunset Blvd. ¤ Woman at Paramount Studio: Norma Desmond! Paramount Security Guard: Why, I thought she was dead.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: It would be a pity to lose your promotion before you get it. A promotion you have so very carefully planned for. Colonel Dax: Sir, would you like me to suggest what you can do with that promotion? General Broulard: [angry] Colonel Dax! You will apologize at once or I shall have you placed under arrest! Colonel Dax: [with building anger] I apologize... for not being entirely honest with you. I apologize for not revealing my true feelings. I apologize, sir, for not telling you sooner that you're a degenerate, sadistic old man. And you can go to hell before I apologize to you now or ever again! General Broulard: Colonel Dax, you're a disappointment to me. You've spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality. You really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for Mireau's command. You are an idealist... and I pity you as I would the village idiot. We're fighting a war, Dax, a war that we've got to win. Those men didn't fight, so they were shot. You bring charges against General Mireau, so I insist that he answer them. Wherein have I done wrong? Colonel Dax: Because you don't know the answer to that question. I pity you.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: I'm not afraid of dying tomorrow, only of getting killed. soldier in bunk: That's as clear as mud. Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: Well, which would you rather be done in by: a bayonet or a machine gun? soldier in bunk: Oh, a machine gun, naturally. Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: Naturally, that's just my point. They're both pieces of steel ripping into your guts, only the machine gun is quicker, cleaner, and less painful, isn't it? soldier in bunk: Yeah, but what does that prove? Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: That proves that most of us are more afraid of getting hurt than of getting killed. Look at Bernard. He panics when it comes to gas. Gas doesn't bother me a bit. He's seen photos of gas cases. Doesn't mean anything to me. But I'll tell you something though, I'd hate like the devil to be without my tin hat. But on the other hand I don't mind not having a tin hat for my tail. Why is that? soldier in bunk: You're darn tootin', because... Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: Because I know a wound to the head would hurt much more than one to the tail. The tail is just meat but the head- ah, the head is all bone. soldier in bunk: That's... Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: Tell me this. Aside from the bayonet, what are you most afraid of? soldier in bunk: High explosives. Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: Exactly, and it's the same with me, because, because I know that it can chew you up worse than anything else. Look, just like I'm trying to tell you, if you're really afraid of dying you'd be living in a funk all the rest of your life because you know you've got to go someday, anyday. And besides... soldier in bunk: Yes? Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: If it's death that you're really afraid of why should you care about what it is that kills you? soldier in bunk: Oh, you're too smart for me, Professor. All I know is, nobody wants to die.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Colonel Dax: Gentlemen of the court, there are times when I'm ashamed to be a member of the human race and this is one such occasion. It's impossible for me to summarise the case for the defence since the Court never allowed me a reasonable opportunity to present that case. General Mireau: Are you protesting the authenticity of this court? Colonel Dax: [pause] Yes, sir. I protest against being prevented from introducing evidence which I considered vital to the defence; the prosecution presented no witnesses; there has never been a written indictment of charges made against the defendants, and lastly, I protest against the fact that no stenographic records of this trial have been kept. [pause] Colonel Dax: The attack yesterday morning was no stain on the honour of France, and certainly no disgrace to the fighting men of this nation. But this Court Martial is such a stain, and such a disgrace. The case made against these men is a mockery of all human justice. Gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty would be a crime, to haunt each of you till the day you die. I can't believe that the noblest impulse for man - his compassion for another - can be completely dead here. Therefore, I humbly beg you... show mercy to these men.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: Colonel Dax, you're a disappointment to me. You've spoiled the keenness of your mind by wallowing in sentimentality. You really did want to save those men, and you were not angling for Mireau's command. You are an idealist... and I pity you as I would the village idiot. We're fighting a war, Dax, a war that we've got to win. Those men didn't fight, so they were shot. You bring charges against General Mireau, so I insist that he answer them. Wherein have I done wrong? Colonel Dax: Because you don't know the answer to that question. I pity you.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Corporal Paris: [the condemned men are awaiting execution] See that cockroach? [cutaway to the cockroach] Corporal Paris: Tomorrow morning, we'll be dead, and it'll be alive. It'll have more contact with my wife and child than I will. I'll be nothing, and it'll be alive. Private Ferol: [Ferol smashes the roach with his hand and adds with smiling sarcasm] Now you've got the edge on him!

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: If those little sweethearts won't face German bullets, then by God, they'll face French ones!

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: Colonel Dax, are you trying to blackmail me? Colonel Dax: It's an ugly word, but you are in a difficult situation.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: There are few things more fundamentally encouraging and stimulating than seeing someone else die.

§Paths of Glory ¤ [last lines] [Col. Dax listens to his regiment humming in the tavern] Sgt. Boulanger: Sir? Colonel Dax: Yes, sir. Sgt. Boulanger: We have orders to move back to the front immediately. Colonel Dax: Well give the men a few minutes more, Sergeant. Sgt. Boulanger: Yes, sir.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: I can't understand these armchair officers, fellas trying to fight a war from behind a desk, waving papers at the enemy, worrying about whether a mouse is gonna run up their pants leg. Colonel Dax: I don't know, General. If I had the choice between mice and Mausers, I think I'd take the mice every time.

§Paths of Glory ¤ [first lines] Narrator of opening sequence: War began between Germany and France on August 3rd 1914. Five weeks later the German army had smashed its way to within eighteen miles of Paris. There the battered French miraculously rallied their forces at the Marne River and in a series of unexpected counterattacks drove the Germans back. The front was stabilized then shortly afterwards developed into a continuous line of heavily fortified trenches zigzagging their way five hundred miles from the English Channel to the Swiss frontier. By 1916, after two grisly years of trench warfare, the battle lines had changed very little. Successful attacks were measured in hundreds of yards, and paid for in lives, by hundreds of thousands.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: Hello there, soldier. Ready to kill more Germans? Private Ferol: Yes, sir. General Mireau: What's your name, soldier? Private Ferol: Sir, Private Ferol, Company A. General Mireau: Aha. You married, soldier? Private Ferol: No, sir. General Mireau: I'll bet your mother's proud of you. Private Ferol: Yes, sir. General Mireau: Carry on, Private, and good luck. Private Ferol: Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Colonel Dax: Too much has happened. Someone's got to be hurt. The only question is who. General Mireau's assault on the Ant Hill failed. His order to fire on his own troops was refused. But his attempt to murder three innocent men to protect his own reputation will be prevented by the General Staff.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Saint-Auban: How far did you advance? Private Ferol: To about the middle of no man's land, sir. Saint-Auban: Then what did you do? Private Ferol: Well... I saw that me and Meyer... Saint-Auban: [rudely cutting him off] I didn't ask you what you saw. The court has no concern with your visual experiences. Private Ferol: I went back, sir. Saint-Auban: In other words, Private Ferol, you retreated. Private Ferol: Yes, sir. Saint-Auban: [to the judges in a cocky tone] I have no further questions.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: Who was this man? Colonel Dax: Samuel Johnson, sir. General Mireau: All right. Now, what did he have to say about patriotism? Colonel Dax: He said it was the last refuge of a scoundrel, sir. I'm sorry. I meant nothing personal.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Colonel Dax: Let me get this straight, sir. You're offering me General Mireau's command? General Broulard: Come, come, Colonel Dax. Don't overdo the surprise.You've been after the job from the start. We all know that, my boy. Colonel Dax: I may be many things, sir, but I am not your boy. General Broulard: Well, I certainly didn't mean to imply any biological relationship.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: Colonel Dax, I'm going to have ten men from each company in your regiment tried under penalty of death for cowardice. Colonel Dax: Penalty of death? - For cowardice! General Broulard: They've skim milk in their veins instead of blood. Colonel Dax: It's the reddest milk I've ever seen. My trenches are soaked with it!

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: Have you got a wife, soldier? Shell-Shocked Soldier: My wife? My wife. Yes, I have a wife. I'm never going to see her again. I going to be killed... General Mireau: Get a grip on yourself. You're acting like a coward. Shell-Shocked Soldier: I am a coward. General Mireau: Snap out of it soldier! [strikes the Private] General Mireau: Sergeant, I want you to arrange for the immediate transfer off this baby out of my regiment! I won't have other brave men contaminated by him!

§Paths of Glory ¤ Capt. Rousseau - Battery Commander: With all respect, sir, you have no right to order me to shoot down my own men, unless you are willing to take full and undivided responsibility for it. General Mireau: Captain Rousseau, are you going to obey my order? Capt. Rousseau - Battery Commander: I must have a written order before I can execute such a command, sir. Supposing you are killed? Then where will I be? General Mireau: You'll be in front of a firing squad tomorrow morning - that's where you'll be! Hand over your command and report yourself under arrest to my headquarters!

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: Perhaps I was a bit too anxious to see proper justice meted out. I've spent my entire life in the army and I've always tried to be true to my principles. It's the only mistake I can ever be accused of.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Colonel Dax: How many casualties do you expect, sir? General Mireau: Say 5 percent killed by our own barrage, 10 percent more getting through No Man's Land, and 20 percent more getting through the wire. Say another 25 percent in actually taking the Ant Hill and we're still left with a force more than adequate to hold it.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: Colonel Dax, we think we're doing a good job running the war. You must be aware of the fact that the general staff is subject to all kinds of unfair pressures from newspapers and politicians. Maybe the attack against the Ant Hill was impossible. Perhaps it was an error of judgment on our part. On the other hand, if your men had been more daring, they might have taken it. Who knows? In any case, why should we have to bear any more criticism than we have to?

§Paths of Glory ¤ Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: Back in my hometown, there was a certain little cafe with an amusing sign over the bar. It read, "Do not be afraid to ask for credit, for our way of refusing is very polite."

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: Patriotism may be old-fashioned, but a patriot is an honest man. Colonel Dax: Not everyone has always thought so.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: Paul, I knew that I was right to come to you. *You* are the man to take the Ant Hill. General Mireau: As for that star is concerned -- that has nothing to do with my decision! If anything, it would sway me the other way. General Broulard: I realize that perfectly, Paul.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: I beg your pardon, Sergeant. There is no such thing as shell shocked.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Corporal Paris: You ran like a rabbit after you killed Lejeune. Lt. Roget: Killed Lejeune? What are you talking about? I don't think I like your tone. You're speaking to an officer. Remember that. Corporal Paris: Oh, well, I must be mistaken, then, sir. An officer wouldn't do that. A man wouldn't do it. Only a thing would. A sneaky, booze-guzzling, yellow-bellied rat with a bottle for a brain and a streak of... Lt. Roget: That's enough, Corporal. Corporal Paris: Spit where a spine ought to be.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Capt. Nichols - Artillery Spotter: Order the 75's to commence firing on our own positions. Captain, do you fail to comprehend the meaning of my order? General Mireau: No, sir, but I respectfully ask to... Capt. Nichols - Artillery Spotter: Captain, do you fail to comprehend the meaning of my order? General Mireau: No, sir. General Mireau: Then, carry it out, Captain.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Capt. Nichols - Artillery Spotter: General, the battery commander reports those are our own positions. He says it must be a mistake. General Mireau: Confirm the order, Captain.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Colonel Dax: They're not cowards. So, it some of them didn't leave the trenches, it must have been because it was impossible. General Mireau: They were ordered to attack. It was their duty to obey that order. We can't leave it up to the men to decide whether an order is possible or not. If it was impossible, the only proof of that would be their dead bodies lying about in the trenches. They're scum, Colonel. The whole rotten regiment. A pack of sneaking, whining, tail-dragging curs.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: Colonel Dax, when this mess is cleaned up, I'll break you! I'll find an excuse, and I'll break you to the ranks. I'll ruin you! It will be just what you deserve -showing such little loyalty to your commanding officer. That's all, Colonel.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: We don't want to slaughter the French army. All we want to do is to set an example.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: Colonel, troops are like children. Just as a child wants his father to be firm, troops crave discipline. Colonel Dax: I see. General Broulard: One way to maintain discipline is to shoot a man now and then. Colonel Dax: May I ask - do you sincerely believe the things you've said? General Broulard: It's been a pleasure discussing this with you, Colonel, but I'm afraid that I'd better be getting back to my guests.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Corporal Paris: Is this supposed to be our last meal or something? Pvt. Pierre Arnaud: It isn't supposed to be our last meal. It is our last meal.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Broulard: There's the troops' morale, don't forget that. Colonel Dax: The troops' morale? General Broulard: Certainly. These executions will be a perfect tonic for the entire division.

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: So that's it. You're making me the goat. The only completely innocent man in this whole affair.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Proprietor of Cafe: It's true. The little lady has her limitations. As a matter of fact, she has absolutely no talent at all, except, that is, well, maybe a little - natural talent.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Father Dupree: What do I have to die for, Father? What do I have to die for? I didn't do anything wrong. Father Dupree: We do not question the will of God, my son.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Corporal Paris: It just occurred to me. Funny thing. I haven't had one sexual thought since the court martial. It's pretty extraordinary, isn't it?

§Paths of Glory ¤ General Mireau: If a man's a ninny, let him put on a dress and hide under the bed. But if he wants to be a soldier, then by heavens, he's got to be one. He's got to fight.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Colonel Dax: Tell me, Colonel, how did your relief come off last night? Colonel Dax: We drew some artillery. Twenty-nine casualties, sir. General Mireau: Yes, I noticed it on the road in. Utterly inexcusable. Stupid. All swarmed together like flies, just waiting for someone to swat them. Saint-Auban: Well, they never learn, it seems. They get in a tight spot under heavy fire - gang up every time. Herd instinct, I suppose. Kind of a lower animal sort of thing. Colonel Dax: Kind of a human thing, it seems to me.

§Paths of Glory ¤ Corporal Paris: You got yourself into a mess, Lieutenant. Lt. Roget: Oh, I have, have I? Well, you've got yourself in a worse one. First, general insubordination. Second, threatening your superior officer. Third, refusing to obey an order and inciting others to do the same. Now, how do you think those charges are going to look on paper? Corporal Paris: Not half as bad as these: endangering the lives of your men through recklessness, drunk on duty, wanton murder of one of your own men, and cowardice in the face of the enemy. Lt. Roget: Phillip, have you ever tried to bring charges against an officer? It's my word against yours, you know. And whose word do you think they're going to believe? Or, let me put it another way. Whose word are they going to accept?

§Paths of Glory ¤ Colonel Dax: Remember, you'll be soldiers in the presence of superior officers, so act like what you are. Soldiers! And brave ones at that. I've been in the room you'll be sitting in. The afternoon sun will be in your faces, so don't let it seem as if you're dropping your eyes in a hangdog manner. When you answer questions, look the judges in the eye. Don't whine, plead, or make speeches. That's my job. Simple statements. Short. But make them so they can be heard all over the room. And try not to repeat yourselves. I'll do that for you when I sum up. We haven't much time. The court martial begins in about an hour. I've got notes to look at. Good luck.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Rocket Raccoon: This is Thanos we're talking about. He's the toughest there is Thor: Well, he's never fought me. Rocket Raccoon: Yeah, he has. Thor: He's never fought me twice.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Thanos: Daughter. Young Gamora: Did you do it? Thanos: Yes. Young Gamora: What did it cost? Thanos: ...Everything.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Rocket Raccoon: You speak Groot? Thor: Yes, they taught it on Asgard. It was an elective.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Thanos: I know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right, yet to fail nonetheless. It's frightening, turns the legs to jelly. I ask you to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now it's here. Or should I say, I am.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Eitri: You understand, boy, you're about to take the full force of a star. It'll kill you. Thor: Only if I die. Eitri: Yes. That's what... killing you means.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [Wong saves Stark] Tony Stark: Wong, you're invited to my wedding.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Gamora: I was a child when you took me. Thanos: I saved you. Gamora: No. We were happy on my home planet. Thanos: You were going to bed hungry, scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I'm the one who stopped that. You know what's happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It's a paradise. Gamora: Because you murdered half the planet. Thanos: A small price to pay for salvation. Gamora: You're insane. Thanos: Little one, it's a simple calculus. This universe is finite, its resources, finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correcting. Gamora: You don't know that! Thanos: I'm the only one who knows that. At least, I'm the only one with the will to act on it.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [the Guardians bring Thor aboard] Peter Quill: How the hell is this dude still alive? Drax: He is not a dude. You're a dude. This... this is a man. A handsome, muscular man. Peter Quill: I'm muscular. Rocket Raccoon: Who are you kidding, Quill? You're one sandwich away from fat. Peter Quill: Yeah, right. Drax: It's true. You have put on weight. Peter Quill: What? [Drax gestures at his chin and gut] Peter Quill: Gamora, do you think I'm... Mantis: [sensing Thor] He is anxious, angry, he feels tremendous loss and guilt. Drax: It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel. Peter Quill: Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay, I'm gonna get a Bowflex. I'm gonna commit. I'm gonna get some dumbbells. Rocket Raccoon: You know you can't eat dumbbells, right? Gamora: [touching Thor's arms] It's like his muscles are made of Chitauri metal fibers. Peter Quill: Stop massaging his muscles.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Bruce Banner: Who's Scott? Steve Rogers: Ant-Man. Bruce Banner: There's an Ant-Man *and* a Spider-Man?

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Nick Fury: [gets erased] Motherf...

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Dr. Stephen Strange: Ok, let me ask you this one time: What master do you serve? Peter Quill: Oh, what master do I serve? What am I supposed to say, Jesus?

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Gamora: All my life I dreamed of a day, a moment, when you got what you deserved. And I was always so disappointed. But now, you kill and torture and you call it mercy. The universe has judged you. You asked it for a prize and it told you no. You failed. And do you wanna know why? Because you love nothing. No one. [Thanos weeps] Gamora: [scoffs] Really? Tears? Red Skull (Stonekeeper): They are not for him. [Gamora realizes what Thanos is going to do]

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Parker: [while teleporting and beating up Thanos] Magic. More Magic. Magic with a Kick. Mag... [Thanos graps Peter by the throat] Thanos: Insect!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Thor: There are six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth, they're with the Avengers. Peter Quill: The Avengers? Thor: The Earth's mightiest heroes. Mantis: Like Kevin Bacon? Thor: He may be on the team. I don't know, I haven't been there in a while.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Bus Driver: What's the matter with you kids? You've never seen a spaceship before?

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Tony Stark: [Bruce is struggling to Hulk out] Dude, you're embarrassing me in front of the wizards.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Thanos: [to Thor] You should have gone for the head.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Quill: [notices Drax has been watching him and Gamora] Dude. How long have you been standing there? Drax: An hour. Peter Quill: An hour? Gamora: Are you serious? Drax: I've mastered the ability of standing so incredibly still... that I become invisible to the eye... Watch. [slowing starts moving his hand] Peter Quill: You're eating a Zargnut. Drax: My movement... is so slow... that it's imperceptible. Peter Quill: Mmm, no. Drax: I'm sure I'm invisible. Mantis: Hi, Drax. Drax: [after a pause] Dammit.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Loki: [to Thanos] You... will never be... a god.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Okoye: When you said you were going to open Wakanda to the rest of the world, this is not what I imagined. T'Challa: What did you imagine? Okoye: The Olympics, maybe even a Starbucks.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Quill: Wait, who are you? Peter Parker: We're the Avengers, man. Mantis: You're the ones Thor told us about. Tony Stark: You know Thor? Peter Quill: Yeah, tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [Groot is playing a video game called Defender. Peter Quill turns to Groot] Peter Quill: Groot, put that thing away. Now, I don't wanna tell you again... Groot? Groot: [in a mocking tone] I am Groot! Peter Quill: Whoa! Rocket Raccoon: Language! Mantis: Hey! Drax: Wow. Peter Quill: You got some acorns on you, kid. Rocket Raccoon: Ever since you got a little sap, you're a total D-hole. [turns to Groot, angrily] Rocket Raccoon: Now, keep it up and I'm gonna smash that thing to pieces!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Parker: Let me just say, if aliens wind up implanting eggs in my chest or something and I eat one of you, I'm sorry. Tony Stark: I don't want another single pop culture reference out of you for the rest of the trip. You understand?

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Thor: You know, I'm 1500 years old. I've killed twice as many enemies as that. And every one of them would have rather killed me than not succeeded. I'm only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is just the latest of a long line of bastards, and he'll be the latest to feel my vengeance - fate wills it so.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [Banner is trying to Hulk out while fighting Obsidion in the Hulkbuster armor] Bruce Banner: Hulk. Hulk, I know you like making your entrance at the last second, well, this is it, man. This is the last *last* second. Hulk! Hulk! HULK! Hulk: NOOOO! Bruce Banner: Oh, screw you, you big green asshole! I'll do it myself!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Dr. Stephen Strange: We gotta turn this ship around. Tony Stark: Yeah, now he wants to run. Great plan. Dr. Stephen Strange: No, I want to protect the stone. Tony Stark: And I want you to thank me. Now, go ahead. I'm listening. Dr. Stephen Strange: For what? Nearly blasting me into space? Tony Stark: Who just saved your magical ass? Me. Dr. Stephen Strange: I seriously don't know how you fit your head into that helmet. Tony Stark: Admit it, you should've ducked out when I told you to. I tried to bench you. You refused. Dr. Stephen Strange: Unlike everyone else in your life, I don't work for you. Tony Stark: And due to that fact, we're now in a flying doughnut billions of miles from Earth with no backup. Peter Parker: I'm backup. Tony Stark: No, you're a stowaway. The adults are talking. Dr. Stephen Strange: I'm sorry, I'm confused as to the relationship here. What is he, your ward? Peter Parker: No. I'm Peter, by the way. Dr. Stephen Strange: Doctor Strange. Peter Parker: Oh, you're using made-up names. Um... I'm Spider-Man, then.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Tony Stark: You throw another moon at me and I'm gonna lose it!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Tony Stark: [to the Guardians] We gotta coalesce. Because if all we come out is with a plucky attitude Peter Quill: Dude, don't call us plucky. We don't know what it means. We're more optimistic, yes. I like your plan. Except, it sucks. So let me do the plan and that way it might be really good. Drax: Tell him about the dance-off to save the Universe. Tony Stark: What dance-off? Peter Quill: It's not a thing. Peter Parker: Like in Footloose, the movie? Peter Quill: Exactly like Footloose. Is it still the greatest movie in history? Peter Parker: It never was. Tony Stark: Don't encourage this, all right? We're getting no help from Flash Gordon here. Peter Quill: Flash Gordon? That's a compliment. Don't forget, I'm half human. So that 50% of me that's stupid that's 100% you.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Dr. Stephen Strange: Seriously? You don't have any money? Wong: Attachment to the material is detachment from the spiritual. Dr. Stephen Strange: I'll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they'll make you a metaphysical ham and rye. Wong: Wait, wait, wait. I think I have two hundred. Dr. Stephen Strange: Dollars? Wong: Rupees. Dr. Stephen Strange: Which is? Wong: A... buck and a half. Dr. Stephen Strange: [sighs] What do you want? Wong: I wouldn't say no to a tuna melt.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Parker: I don't feel so good Mr. Stark. [Looking at his hands] Tony Stark: You're alright. [Eye widening] Peter Parker: I don't want to go, please, I don't want to go Mr. Stark. I am sorry, tony, I am sorry.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Drax: [about Thor] It's like a pirate had a baby with an angel.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Rocket Raccoon: Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful and horrific weapons to ever torment the universe. I would very much like to go there, please. Thor: The rabbit is correct and clearly the smartest among you. Rocket Raccoon: Rabbit?

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Loki: If you're going to Earth, you might want a guide. I do have a bit of experience in that arena. Thanos: Well, if you consider failure experience. Loki: I consider *experience* experience.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Parker: [catches Mantis] I got you! [catches Drax] Peter Parker: I got you! Sorry, I can't remember anybody's names.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Parker: [Peter saves Tony from getting crushed by Obsidion] Hey, man! What's up, Mr Stark? Tony Stark: Kid, where'd you come from? Peter Parker: Field trip to MoMa! [gets thrown by Cull Obsidian] Peter Parker: Uh, what is this guy's problem, Mr. Stark? Tony Stark: Uh, he's from space, he came here to steal a necklace from a wizard.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Tony Stark: If Thanos needs all six, why don't we just stick this one down a garbage disposal? Dr. Stephen Strange: No can do. Wong: We swore an oath to protect the Time Stone with our lives. Tony Stark: And I swore off dairy... but then Ben & Jerry's named a flavor after me, so... Dr. Stephen Strange: Stark Raving Hazelnuts. Tony Stark: Not bad. Dr. Stephen Strange: A bit chalky. Wong: A Hunk of Hulk of Burning Fudge is our favorite.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ T'Challa: Evacuate the city! Engage all defenses! [points at Steve Rogers] T'Challa: And get this man a shield!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Tony Stark: I'm sorry, earth is closed today. You better pack it up and get outta here.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Thanos: The Tesseract? Or your brother's head? I assume you have a preference? Loki: Oh, I do. Kill away! [sees Thor's traumatic suffering, screaming in agony] Loki: ALRIGHT, STOP! Thor: We don't have the Tesseract, it was destroyed on Asgard! [Loki reveals the Tesseract in his hands] Thor: You really are the worst brother! Loki: I assure you, brother, the sun will shine on us again. Thanos: Your optimism is misplaced, Asgardian. Loki: Well, for one thing, I'm not Asgardian. And for another... we have a Hulk. [Hulk attacks Thanos]

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Thor: You know, I'm 1500 years old. I've killed twice as many enemies as that. And every one of them would have rather killed me than not succeeded. I'm only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is just the latest of a long line of bastards, and he'll be the latest to feel my vengeance - fate wills it so. Rocket Raccoon: Mm-hmm. And what if you're wrong? Thor: Well, if I'm wrong, then... what more could I lose? [Thor walks away] Rocket Raccoon: [mutters] Well, I could lose a lot. Me, personally, I could lose a lot.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [last lines] Nick Fury: Oh, no... Motherf...

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Drax: [wrestling the Cloak of Levitation] Die, blanket of death!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Peter Parker: [on a school bus] Hey, I need you to cause a distraction. Ned: [sees the spaceship] Holy shit. WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [Thanos has Gamora] Peter Quill: You let her go! Thanos: Ah, the boyfriend. Peter Quill: I'd like to think of myself more as a titan-killing, long-term booty call.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [Thor appears with Stormbreaker] Bruce Banner: [laughs with joy] You guys are so screwed now!

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Ebony Maw: Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine. Tony Stark: Yeah, but the kid's seen more movies. [Iron Man blows a hole in the ship, Ebony Maw is sucked out into space as in the climax of Aliens]

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [from trailer] Nick Fury: There was an idea... Tony Stark: To bring together, a group of remarkable people... Vision: To see if we could become something more... Thor: So when they needed us, we could fight the battles... Natasha Romanoff: That they never could.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ [from trailer] Thanos: In time, you will know what it's like to lose. To feel so desperately that you're right. Yet to fail all the same. Dread it. Run from it. Destiny still arrives.

§Avengers: Infinity War ¤ Tony Stark: [to the Cloak of Levitation] You are one loyal piece of outerwear.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: Here's Johnny!

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [typed] All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy...

§The Shining ¤ Wendy Torrance: [crying] Stay away from me. Jack Torrance: Why? Wendy Torrance: I just wanna go back to my room! Jack Torrance: Why? Wendy Torrance: Well, I'm very confused, and I just need time to think things over! Jack Torrance: You've had your whole fucking life to think things over, what good's a few minutes more gonna do you now? Wendy Torrance: Please! Don't hurt me! Jack Torrance: I'm not gonna hurt you. Wendy Torrance: Stay away from me! Jack Torrance: Wendy? Darling? Light, of my life. I'm not gonna hurt ya. You didn't let me finish my sentence. I said, I'm not gonna hurt ya. I'm just going to bash your brains in! [Wendy gasps] Jack Torrance: [laughs] Gonna bash 'em right the fuck in! Wendy Torrance: Stay away from me! Don't hurt me! Jack Torrance: [sarcastically] I'm not gonna hurt ya... Wendy Torrance: Stay away! Stop it! Jack Torrance: Stop swingin' the bat. Put the bat down, Wendy. Wendy? Give me the bat...

§The Shining ¤ Danny Torrance: Redrum. Redrum. REDRUM! [Wendy sees the word in the mirror which spells "murder" backward]

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [smashing the door to bits with an axe] Wendy, I'm home.

§The Shining ¤ Grady Daughter, Grady Daughter: Hello, Danny. Come and play with us. Come and play with us, Danny. Forever... and ever... and ever.

§The Shining ¤ Lloyd: Women: can't live with them, can't live without them. Jack Torrance: Words of wisdom, Lloyd my man. Words of wisdom.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: Wendy, let me explain something to you. Whenever you come in here and interrupt me, you're breaking my concentration. You're distracting me, and it will then take me time to get back to where I was. Understand? Wendy Torrance: Yeah. Jack Torrance: Fine. Then we're going to make a new rule. Whenever I'm in here and you hear me typing [types] Jack Torrance: or whether you don't hear me typing, whatever the fuck you hear me doing, when I'm in here, that means that I am working, that means don't come in. Now, do you think you can handle that? Wendy Torrance: Yeah. Jack Torrance: Good. Now why don't you start right now and get the fuck out of here? Hm?

§The Shining ¤ Delbert Grady: Did you know, Mr. Torrance, that your son is attempting to bring an outside party into this situation? Did you know that? Jack Torrance: No. Delbert Grady: He is, Mr. Torrance. Jack Torrance: Who? Delbert Grady: A nigger. Jack Torrance: A nigger? Delbert Grady: A nigger cook. Jack Torrance: How? Delbert Grady: Your son has a very great talent. I don't think you are aware how great it is. That he is attempting to use that very talent against your will. Jack Torrance: He is a very willful boy. Delbert Grady: Indeed he is, Mr. Torrance. A very willful boy. A rather naughty boy, if I may be so bold, sir. Jack Torrance: It's his mother. She, uh, interferes. Delbert Grady: Perhaps they need a good talking to, if you don't mind my saying so. Perhaps a bit more. My girls, sir, they didn't care for the Overlook at first. One of them actually stole a pack of matches, and tried to burn it down. But I "corrected" them sir. And when my wife tried to prevent me from doing my duty, I "corrected" her.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: Little pigs, little pigs, let me come in. Not by the hair of your chiny-chin-chin? Well then I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in. [axes the door]

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: What are you doing down here? Wendy Torrance: [sobbing] I just wanted to talk to you. Jack Torrance: Okay, let's talk. What do you wanna talk about? Wendy Torrance: I can't really remember. Jack Torrance: You can't remember... Maybe it was about... Danny? Maybe it was about him. I think we should discuss Danny. I think we should discuss what should be done with him. What should be done with him? Wendy Torrance: I don't know. Jack Torrance: I don't think that's true. I think you have some very definite ideas about what should be done with Danny and I'd like to know what they are. Wendy Torrance: Well, I think... maybe... he should be taken to a doctor. Jack Torrance: You think "maybe" he should be taken to a doctor? Wendy Torrance: Yes. Jack Torrance: When do you think "maybe" he should be taken to a doctor? Wendy Torrance: As soon as possible...? Jack Torrance: [mocking/imitating her] As soon as possible...? Wendy Torrance: Jack! What are... you... Jack Torrance: You think his health might be at stake. Wendy Torrance: Y-Yes! Jack Torrance: You are concerned about him. Wendy Torrance: Yes! Jack Torrance: And are you concerned about me? Wendy Torrance: Of course I am! Jack Torrance: Of course you are! Have you ever thought about my responsibilities? Wendy Torrance: Oh Jack, what are you talking about? Jack Torrance: Have you ever had a single moment's thought about my responsibilities? Have you ever thought, for a single solitary moment about my responsibilities to my employers? Has it ever occurred to you that I have agreed to look after the Overlook Hotel until May the first. Does it matter to you at all that the owners have placed their complete confidence and "trust" in me, and that I have signed a letter of agreement, a "contract," in which I have accepted that responsibility? Do you have the slightest idea what a "moral and ethical principal" is? Do you? Has it ever occurred to you what would happen to my future, if I were to fail to live up to my responsibilities? Has it ever occurred to you? Has it? Wendy Torrance: [swings the bat] Stay away from me!

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: Mr. Grady, you were the caretaker here. I recognize ya. I saw your picture in the newspapers. You, uh, chopped your wife and daughters up into little bits. And then you blew your brains out. Delbert Grady: [after a short pause] That's strange, sir. I don't have any recollection of that at all.

§The Shining ¤ Danny Torrance: Dad? Jack Torrance: Yes? Danny Torrance: Do you like this hotel? Jack Torrance: Yes, I do. I love it. Don't you? Danny Torrance: I guess so. Jack Torrance: Good. I want you to like it here. I wish we could stay here forever... and ever... and ever.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: Hi, Lloyd. Little slow tonight, isn't it? [laughs maniacally] Lloyd: Yes, it is, Mr. Torrance.

§The Shining ¤ Wendy Torrance: Hey. Wasn't it around here that the Donner Party got snowbound? Jack Torrance: I think that was farther west in the Sierras. Wendy Torrance: Oh. Danny Torrance: What was the Donner Party? Jack Torrance: They were a party of settlers in covered-wagon times. They got snowbound one winter in the mountains. They had to resort to cannibalism in order to stay alive. Danny Torrance: You mean they ate each other up? Jack Torrance: They had to, in order to survive. Wendy Torrance: Jack... Danny Torrance: Don't worry, Mom. I know all about cannibalism. I saw it on TV. Jack Torrance: See, it's okay. He saw it on the television.

§The Shining ¤ Dick Hallorann: We've got canned fruits and vegetables, canned fish and meats, hot and cold syrups, Post Toasties, Corn Flakes, Sugar Puffs, Rice Krispies, Oatmeal... and Cream of Wheat. You got... [then, telepathically to Danny] Dick Hallorann: How'd you like some ice cream, Doc? Dick Hallorann: ...a dozen jugs of black molasses, we got sixty boxes of dried milk, thirty twelve-pound bags of sugar... Now we got dried peaches, dried apricots, dried raisins and dried prunes. You know Mrs. Torrance, you got to keep regular, if you want to be happy!

§The Shining ¤ Wendy Torrance: [Wendy has Jack locked in the storage closet] I'm gonna go now. Jack Torrance: Uh... Wendy? Wendy Torrance: I'm gonna try and get Danny down to Sidewinder in the Snow Cat. I'll send back a doctor... Jack Torrance: Wendy? Wendy Torrance: Yes? Jack Torrance: You got a big surprise coming to you. You're not going anywhere! Go check out the Snow Cat and the radio and you'll see what I mean. Go check it out. *Go!* Go check it out! Go check it out!

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [disappointed at finding the bar empty] God, I'd give anything for a drink. I'd give my goddamned soul for just a glass of beer.

§The Shining ¤ Stuart Ullman: I don't suppose they told you anything in Denver about the tragedy we had in the Winter of 1970. Jack Torrance: I don't believe they did. Stuart Ullman: My predecessor in this job left a man named Charles Grady as the Winter caretaker. And he came up here with his wife and two little girls, I think were eight and ten. And he had a good employment record, good references, and from what I've been told he seemed like a completely normal individual. But at some point during the winter, he must have suffered some kind of a complete mental breakdown. He ran amuck and killed his family with an axe. Stacked them neatly in one of the rooms in the West wing and then he, he put both barrels of a shot gun in his mouth.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [staring at the drink in his hand] Here's to five miserable months on the wagon, and all the irreparable harm it has caused me.

§The Shining ¤ [about Wendy] Delbert Grady: [voice-over] I feel you will have to deal with this matter in the harshest possible way, Mr. Torrance. Jack Torrance: There's nothing I look forward to with greater pleasure, Mr. Grady.

§The Shining ¤ Danny Torrance: Mom? Wendy Torrance: Yeah? Danny Torrance: Do you really want to go and live in that hotel for the winter? Wendy Torrance: Sure I do. It'll be lots of fun. Danny Torrance: Yeah, I guess so. Anyway, there's hardly anybody to play with around here. Wendy Torrance: Yeah, I know. It always takes a little time to make new friends. Danny Torrance: Yeah, I guess so. Wendy Torrance: What about Tony? He's lookin' forward to the hotel, I bet. Danny Torrance: [Moving his finger to speak as "Tony" in a high-pitched voice] No I ain't, Mrs. Torrance. Wendy Torrance: Now come on, Tony, don't be silly. Danny Torrance: [as Tony] I don't want to go there, Mrs. Torrance. Wendy Torrance: Well, how come you don't want to go? Danny Torrance: [as Tony] I just don't. Wendy Torrance: Well, let's just wait and see. We're all going to have a real good time.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: I like you, Lloyd. I always liked you. You were always the best of them. Best goddamned bartender from Timbuktu to Portland, Maine. Or Portland, Oregon, for that matter.

§The Shining ¤ [Repeated line] Jack Torrance: [as he chases his son with an ax] Danny, I'm coming!

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: Well, that is quite a story. Stuart Ullman: Yeah it is. It's still hard for me to believe it happened here. It did, and I think you can appreciate why I wanted to tell you about it. Jack Torrance: I certainly can and I also understand why your people in Denver left it for you to tell me. Stuart Ullman: Well obviously some people can be put off by staying alone in a place where something like that actually happened. Jack Torrance: Well you can rest assured, Mr. Ullman, that's not going to happen with me. And as far as my wife is concerned, I'm sure she'll be absolutely fascinated when l tell her. She's a confirmed ghost story and horror film addict.

§The Shining ¤ Delbert Grady: [referring to Jack murdering his wife and son] Mr. Torrance, I see you can hardly have taken care of the business we discussed. Jack Torrance: No need to rub it in, Mr. Grady.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [angry] Wendy, listen. Let me out of here and I'll forget the whole damn thing! It'll be just like nothing ever happened. [softens his voice in an attempt to trick Wendy to opening the door] Jack Torrance: Wendy, baby, I think you hurt my head real bad. I'm dizzy, I need a doctor. Honey, don't leave me here.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: The most terrible nightmare I ever had. It's the most horrible dream I ever had. Wendy Torrance: It's okay, it's okay now. Really. Jack Torrance: I dreamed that I, that I killed you and Danny. But I didn't just kill ya. I cut you up in little pieces. Oh my God. I must be losing my mind.

§The Shining ¤ Delbert Grady: [to Jack, who's locked in the pantry] Your wife appears to be stronger than we imagined, Mr. Torrance. Somewhat more... resourceful. She seems to have got the better of you. Jack Torrance: For the moment, Mr. Grady. Only for the moment.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: Hi, Lloyd. Been away. Now, I'm back. Lloyd: Good evening, Mr. Torrence. It's good to see you. Jack Torrance: It's good to be back, Lloyd. Lloyd: What'll it be, sir? Jack Torrance: Hair of the dog that bit me. Lloyd: Bourbon on the rocks. Jack Torrance: That'll do 'er!

§The Shining ¤ Danny Torrance: Tony, I'm scared. [as Tony] Danny Torrance: Remember what Mr. Hallorann said. It's just like pictures in a book, Danny. It isn't real.

§The Shining ¤ [Wendy is serving Jack breakfast in bed] Wendy Torrance: Good morning, hon. Your breakfast is ready. Jack Torrance: What time is it? Wendy Torrance: It's about 11:30. Jack Torrance: Jesus! Wendy Torrance: I guess we've been staying up too late. Jack Torrance: I know it. Wendy Torrance: It's really pretty outside. How about taking me out for a walk after you finish your breakfast? Jack Torrance: I suppose I ought to try to do some writing first. Wendy Torrance: Any ideas yet? Jack Torrance: Lots of ideas. No good ones. Wendy Torrance: Well, something'll come. It's just a matter of settling back into the habit of writing every day. Jack Torrance: Yeah... that's all it is. Wendy Torrance: It's really nice up here, isn't it? Jack Torrance: I love it. I really do. I've never been this happy, or comfortable anywhere. Wendy Torrance: Yeah. It's amazing how fast you get used to such a big place. I tell you, when we first came up here, I thought it was kinda scary. Jack Torrance: I fell in love with it right away. When I came up here from my interview, it was as though I had been here before. I mean, we all have moments of déjà vu, but this was ridiculous. It was almost as though I knew what was going to be around every corner. [Jack makes spooky noises and Wendy laughs]

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [chasing Danny with an axe] Danny! Daddy's home!

§The Shining ¤ Injured Guest: [to Wendy] Great party, isn't it?

§The Shining ¤ Danny Torrance: [as Tony] Danny isn't here, Mrs. Torrance.

§The Shining ¤ Wendy Torrance: [to Jack] You son of a bitch! You did this to him, didn't you! How could you! How could you!

§The Shining ¤ Wendy Torrance: Mr Hallorann. How did you know we call Danny Doc? Dick Hallorann: Excuse me? Wendy Torrance: Doc. You just called Danny Doc twice now. We call him that sometimes like in the Bugs Bunny cartoons. Dick Hallorann: You must have called him that. Wendy Torrance: Maybe, but I don't remember calling him that since I came here. Dick Hallorann: Well he looks like a Doc to me. [to Danny, in a Bugs Bunny voice] Dick Hallorann: Eh... What's up Doc?

§The Shining ¤ Stuart Ullman: The police thought that it was what the old-timers used to call cabin fever. A kind of claustrophobic reaction which can occur when people are shut in together over long periods of time.

§The Shining ¤ Wendy Torrance: [to Danny] I can't get out! I can't get out! Run! Run and hide!

§The Shining ¤ Danny Torrance: [reading Halloran's thoughts] Mr. Hallorann, are you scared of this place? Dick Hallorann: No. There ain't nothing here. It's just that... you know some places are like people. Some shine and some don't. It's just that the Overlook Hotel has something like "shining". Danny Torrance: Is there something bad here? Dick Hallorann: [after a long pause] Well... you know Doc, when something happens it can leave a trace of itself behind. Say like... it's when someone burns toast. When some things happen, it can leave other traces behind. Not things anyone can notice, but things that only people with shine can see. Just like they can see things that haven't happened yet, sometimes they can see things that happened a long time ago. I think a lot of things happened in this particular hotel over the years... and not all of them was good. Danny Torrance: What about Room 237. Dick Hallorann: Room 237? Danny Torrance: You're scared of Room 237, ain't you? Dick Hallorann: [after a short pause] Uh... no I ain't. Danny Torrance: Mr. Hallorann, what is in Room 237? Dick Hallorann: [firm tone] Nothing! There ain't nothing in Room 237. But you ain't got no business going in there anyway. So, stay out of Room 237. You understand? Stay out!

§The Shining ¤ Doctor: Is Tony one of your animals? Danny Torrance: No. He's a little boy that lives in his mouth. Wendy Torrance: Tony's his imaginary friend. Doctor: Oh. If you were to open your mouth now, could I see Tony? Danny Torrance: No. Doctor: Why not? Danny Torrance: Because he hides. Doctor: Where does he go? Danny Torrance: To my stomach. Doctor: Does Tony ever tell you to do things? Danny Torrance: I don't want to talk about Tony anymore.

§The Shining ¤ Stuart Ullman: When the place was built in 1907, there was very little interest in winter sports. And this site was chosen for its seclusion and scenic beauty. Jack Torrance: [laughs] Well, it's certainly got plenty of that. Stuart Ullman: ...The winters can be fantastically cruel. And the basic idea is to cope with the very costly damage and depreciation which can occur. And this consists mainly of running the boiler, heating different parts of the hotel on a daily, rotating basis, repair damage as it occurs, and doing repairs so that the elements can't get a foothold. Jack Torrance: Well, that sounds fine to me. Stuart Ullman: Physically, it's not a very demanding job. The only thing that can get a bit trying up here during the winter is, uh, a tremendous sense of isolation. Jack Torrance: Well, that just happens to be exactly what I'm looking for. I'm outlining a new writing project and, uh, five months of peace is just what I want. Stuart Ullman: That's very good Jack, because, uh, for some people, solitude and isolation can, of itself become a problem. Jack Torrance: Not for me. Stuart Ullman: How about your wife and son? How do you think they'll take to it? Jack Torrance: They'll love it.

§The Shining ¤ Dick Hallorann: Larry, just between you and me, we got a very serious problem with the people taking care of the place. They turned out to be completely unreliable assholes.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [to Lloyd] I just happen to have two 20s and two 10s right here in my wallet. I was afraid they were going to be there until next April. So here's what: you slip me a bottle of bourbon, a little glass and some ice. You can do that, can't you? You're not too busy, are you? Lloyd: No, sir. I'm not busy at all. Jack Torrance: Good man. You set 'em up, and I'll knock 'em back - one by one.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: [silently counts to 35 on his left hand] Mr. Grady, haven't I seen you somewhere before?

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: I'll just set my bourbon and advocaat down right there.

§The Shining ¤ Jack Torrance: White Man's Burden, Lloyd, my man! White Man's Burden.

§The Shining ¤ Dick Hallorann: Do you know how I knew your name was 'Doc'? You know what I'm talking about, don't you? I can remember when I was a little boy your age... my grandmother and I could hold entire conversations without ever opening our mouths. She called it "shining". And for a long time I thought it was only the two of us who had the shine... just like you who thought you was the only one. But there are other folks who don't know it or don't believe it. How long have you been able to do it? [Danny does not reply] Dick Hallorann: Why don't you want to talk about it? Danny Torrance: I'm not supposed to. Dick Hallorann: Who says you ain't supposed to? Danny Torrance: Tony. Dick Hallorann: Who's Tony? Danny Torrance: Tony's a little boy who lives in my mouth. Dick Hallorann: Does Tony tell you things? Danny Torrance: Yes. Dick Hallorann: How does he tell you things? Danny Torrance: It's like when I go to sleep, he shows me things. But when I wake up, I can't remember everything. Dick Hallorann: Does your mom and dad know about Tony? Danny Torrance: Yes. Dick Hallorann: Do they know that Tony tells you things? Danny Torrance: Tony told me never to tell them. Dick Hallorann: Has Tony ever told you anything about this place? About the Overlook Hotel? Danny Torrance: I don't know. I don't remember. Dick Hallorann: Now think hard, Doc. Think real hard and try to remember.

§The Shining ¤ Lloyd: How are things going, Mr. Torrance? Jack Torrance: Things could be better, Lloyd. Things could be a whole lot better. Lloyd: I hope its nothing serious. Jack Torrance: Nah! Nothing serious. Just a little problem with the old sperm bank upstairs.

§The Shining ¤ [Wendy and Danny are having a race through the hedge maze while Jack works] Wendy Torrance: The loser has to keep America clean! [free of litter?] Danny Torrance: Alright! Wendy Torrance: [later] Whoo, we made it! I didn't think it was gonna be this big, did you? Danny Torrance: nope!

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Stan: That person who helps others simply because it should or must be done, and because it is the right thing to do, is indeed without a doubt, a real superhero.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Ham: That's all, folks. Peter B. Parker: Is he allowed to say that? Legally?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man Noir: Hey, fellas. Miles Morales: Is he in black and white? Peter B. Parker: Where is that wind coming from? We're in a basement. Spider-Man Noir: Wherever I go, the wind follows. And the wind... smells like rain.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Stan: [as Miles buys a Spider-Man costume] I'm going to miss him. Miles Morales: Yeah. Stan: We were friends, you know. Miles Morales: Can I return it if it doesn't fit? Stan: It always fits. Eventually.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Jefferson Davis: With great ability comes great accountability. Miles Morales: That's not how it goes.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: [to Miles, after he lost his uncle Aaron] We've all been there. For me, it was my uncle Ben. Spider-Man Noir: For me, it was my uncle Benjamin. Peni Parker: For me, it was my father. Gwen Stacy: For me, it was my best friend. Spider-Ham: Miles, the hardest thing about this job is you can't always save everybody.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: When will I know I'm ready? Peter B. Parker: You won't. It's a leap of faith. That's all it is, Miles. A leap of faith.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Ham: Do animals talk in this dimension? Cause I don't wanna freak anyone out...

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: What did you say your name was? Doc Ock: Dr. Olivia Octavius. [takes off her lab coat to reveal her mechanical octopus tentacles, one of which shoots out and pins Peter to the floor] Peter B. Parker: Can I assume your friends call you Doc Ock? Doc Ock: My friends actually call me Liv. My *enemies* call me Doc Ock.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: [final lines, voiceover] Okay, let's do this one last time, yeah? For real this time. This is it. My name is Miles Morales. I was bitten by a radioactive spider. And for like two days, I've been the one and only Spider-Man. I think you know the rest. I finished my essay. I saved a bunch of people. Got hit by a drone. Did this with my dad. Met my roommate finally. Slapped a sticker where my Dad's never going to find it. And when I feel alone, like no one understands what I'm going through, I remember my friends who get it. I never thought I'd be able to do any of this stuff. But I can. Anyone can wear the mask. You can wear the mask. If you didn't know that before, I hope you do now. Cuz I'm Spider-Man. And I'm not the only one. Not by a long shot. Gwen Stacy: [from beyond her dimension] Miles! Miles! Miles! You got a minute?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man Noir: Sometimes I let matches burn down to my fingertips just to feel something, anything.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: How many more Spider-People are there? Peter B. Parker: Save it for Comic-Con. Miles Morales: What's "Comic-Con"?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: This could literally not get any weirder. Spider-Ham: It *can* get weirder! [holds out his hand, which is wet for some reason] Spider-Ham: I just washed my hands. *That's* why they're wet. [beat] Spider-Ham: No other reason.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ [referring to Kingpin] Gwen Stacy: What a pig. Spider-Ham: [offended] I'm right here!

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Brooklyn Bystander: [looking at a glitched stoplight] I think it's a Banksy.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man Noir: [looking at a Rubik's Cube] This is purple? Spider-Ham: No. Spider-Man Noir: Blue? Spider-Ham: No.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: What's going on with your body? Peter B. Parker: I don't think my atoms are real jazzed about being in the wrong dimension. [glitches] Peter B. Parker: Look, I'm not looking for a side gig as a Spider-Man coach. I got a lot going on in my dimension, like a lot. Miles Morales: With great power comes great... Peter B. Parker: Don't you dare finish that sentence! Don't do it. I'm sick of it.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Lyla: You're a bit late. Miguel O'Hara: Can't all be everywhere at once. Lyla: A little text might have been nice. Miguel O'Hara: I was gone for less than two hours. What happened? Lyla: Okay, okay, okay. I know what it looks like, but... here's the good news. Miguel O'Hara: Oh, here we go. Lyla: The multiverse didn't collapse. Miguel O'Hara: Oh, cool! Lyla: A little touch and go. It worked out. Miguel O'Hara: Great story. Hey, did you finish the goober? Lyla: It's not a goober. It's a gizmo. Miguel O'Hara: You always have to call me out? It's just really frustrating and that bums me out. Lyla: Don't get too excited, Miguel. It's just a prototype. Miguel O'Hara: Not excited. Lyla: But you could be the first person to make an autonomous multiverse jump. Or the last. Miguel O'Hara: Okay, so we're just... gonna roll the dice on this? Lyla: So what do you say, pal? Where do you want to go first? Miguel O'Hara: Let's start at the beginning, one last time. Earth-67. [Miguel jumps into Earth-67 and meets that universe's Spider-Man] Miguel O'Hara: Whoa! Spider-Man (Earth-67): What the- ? Miguel O'Hara: I'm Spider-Man. I need you to come with me. Spider-Man (Earth-67): [pointing at Miguel] Who the heck are you? Miguel O'Hara: [pointing back] I, I just told you. Now listen, listen. I'm from the future. Spider-Man (Earth-67): [pointing back] How dare you point at me. Miguel O'Hara: [pointing back] You, you were pointing first. Spider-Man (Earth-67): [pointing back] It's rude to point. Miguel O'Hara: [pointing back] You're being very rude! You're not even believing what I'm saying! Police Officer (Earth-67): Which one pointed first? J. Jonah Jameson (Earth-67): Spider-Man pointed first. Obviously! Miguel O'Hara: [as both Spider-Men continue to point at each other] You're pointing at me right now! Look at you! Look what you did there! Look at your finger right now! Spider-Man (Earth-67): You're pointing. I've been pointing at your pointing. It's different than normal pointing. Miguel O'Hara: You are pointing... Spider-Man (Earth-67): You haven't seen pointing until I'm finished with you. Miguel O'Hara: You're accusing me of pointing while you're...

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Chorus: [from trailer] Spider-Ham, Spider-Ham / Friendly neighborhood Spider-Ham / Spins a web, that's the gig / Kind of weird, cause he's a pig / Look out, here comes a Spider-Ham! / To him, life is a plate of bacon / When there's trouble in the making / You'll find a Spider-Ham!

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man Noir: OK, little fella, Kingpin's gonna send a lot of mugs after ya, I'm talking hard boys, real biscuit boxers. Can you fight them all off at once? Miles Morales: Well, I, I haven't actually fought anyone... Spider-Man Noir: Surprise attack! [Miles tries to fight Spider-Man Noir, but Noir knocks him down. Peni jumps in] Peni Parker: Can you re-wire a mainframe while being shot at? Miles Morales: Can I what? Peni Parker: Show me! Spider-Man Noir: Surprise attack! [Noir knocks him down again] Gwen Stacy: Can you swing and flip with the grace of a trained dancer? Spider-Man Noir: Can you close off your feelings so you don't get crippled by the moral ambiguity of your violent actions? Aunt May: Can you help your aunt create an online dating profile so she can get out of the dang house once in a while? Spider-Ham: Can you float through the air when you smell a delicious pie? Miles Morales: What? Gwen Stacy: Can you be strong? Peni Parker: Ruthless? Gwen Stacy: Disciplined? Miles Morales: I don't know, maybe... Spider-Ham: BOING! Spider-Man Noir: Show me some moxie, soldier! Gwen Stacy: Above all, no mater how many times you get hit, can you get back up? Spider-Man Noir: Because when a Spider-Man is on the floor... Gwen Stacy: - When you think you've given your all... Spider-Ham: - When you think you can't keep going... Spider-Man Noir: - Spider-Man always gets up.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Brooklyn Visions Security Guard: I know you snuck out last night, Morales. Miles Morales: [thinking] Play dumb! Miles Morales: Who's Morales? Miles Morales: [thinking] Not that dumb!

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: [to Miles] One thing I know for sure: don't do it like me. Do it like you.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter Parker: [while being attacked by The Prowler] Are you mad at me? I feel like you're mad at me.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Mary Jane: [mistaking Peter for a waiter] Hello. Peter B. Parker: Oh, wow. Mary Jane: Um, I just wondered if we could have some more bread at table twelve. Peter B. Parker: Yeah! I'm just, I'm really sorry... Mary Jane: Oh, don't be sorry. It's just bread. Peter B. Parker: No, I wasn't there for you when you needed me. Mary Jane: Mmm-hmm... Peter B. Parker: And I didn't even try. Mary Jane: That's fine. I should really get going... Peter B. Parker: I know I could do better if I just had another chance to give you... the bread that you deserve. Mary Jane: Are you okay? Gwen Stacy: Ma'am, we'll take care of that bread right now. Mary Jane: It's been nice, uh, talking to you. Peter B. Parker: For you they should fill this place up with fresh bread. Gwen Stacy: [to Peter] You all right, man? Peter B. Parker: Yeah, totally. Gwen Stacy: Okay, good, 'cause we are not getting any bread.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: This kid can turn himself invisible! Watch this, he can do it... now! Miles Morales: I can't do it on command... Peter B. Parker: He can't do it on command! But it is cool. Show them the zappy thing, Miles. Miles Morales: I can't do it on command. Peter B. Parker: He can't do it on command! But he can do so much more, like what else do you do? Miles Morales: Just those two things. Peter B. Parker: Just those two things.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: I was there when it all happened. I'm sorry. Aunt May: And what dimension are *you* from? Miles Morales: Brooklyn.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miss Calleros: Mr. Morales, moving in the dark. You're late again. Miles Morales: Einstein said time was relative, right? Maybe I'm not late. Maybe you guys are early. Gwen Stacy: [beat, but then giggles] Sorry. It was just so quiet.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Scorpion: Puerco? What are you, some kind of silly cartoon? Spider-Ham: You got a problem with cartoons?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ [first lines] Peter Parker: [narrating] All right, let's do this one last time. My name is Peter Parker. I was bitten by a radioactive spider, and for ten years I've been the one and only Spider-Man. I'm pretty sure you know the rest. I saved a bunch of people, fell in love, saved the city, and then I saved the city again... and again and again and again. And I, uh... I did this. [shot of Spidey doing the emo dance from "Spider-Man 3"] Peter Parker: We don't really talk about this. Look, I'm a comic book, I'm a cereal, did a Christmas album. I have an excellent theme song. And a so-so popsicle. I mean, I've looked worse. But after everything, I still love being Spider-Man. I mean, who wouldn't? So no matter how many hits I take, I always find a way to come back. Because the only thing standing between this city and oblivion is me. There's only one Spider-Man. And you're looking at him.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Aunt May: [seeing Doc Ock] Oh great, it's Liv.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: Ah, you have a goober. Give it. Miles Morales: [referring to the Peter Parker of his universe] Wait, no. He called it an override key. Peter B. Parker: There's always a bypass key, a virus key, a who-cares key I can never remember so I just call it a goober.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Ham: [after hitting Scorpion with a sledgehammer] Did *that* feel like a cartoon?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: [in reference to an impressive move Miles does] Ah, we taught him that, right? Gwen Stacy: I didn't teach him that. And you *definitely* didn't.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Uncle Aaron: [weakly] Miles... Miles Morales: Uncle Aaron. This is my fault. Uncle Aaron: No, Miles. I'm sorry. I wanted you to look up to me. I let you down, man, I let you down. You're the best of all of us, Miles. You're on your way. Just... just keep going... just keep going... [dies]

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Why do you look like Peter Parker? Peter B. Parker: Because I *am* Peter Parker. Miles Morales: Then why aren't you dead? Why is your hair different? Why are you older? Why is your body... a different shape? Peter B. Parker: Pretty sure you just called me fat. Miles Morales: No, no, you just... Peter B. Parker: Hey, listen, you don't look so hot either, kid. Most superheroes don't wear their own merch.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Mary Jane: My favorite thing about Peter is that he made us each feel powerful. We all have powers of one kind or another. But in our own way, we are all Spider-Man. And we're all counting on you. Miles Morales: [quietly] They're counting on me... Metaphor Man: Probably not you specifically. I think it's a metaphor.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ [to Kingpin] Miles Morales: Hey...

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Are you a ghost? Peter B. Parker: No. Miles Morales: Are you a zombie? Peter B. Parker: Stop it. Miles Morales: Am *I* a zombie? Peter B. Parker: You're not even close. Miles Morales: Are you from another dimension? Like, a parallel universe where things are like this universe, but different? And you're Spider-Man in that universe? But somehow traveled to this universe, but you don't know how? Peter B. Parker: [stares] Wow. That was really just a guess?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Kingpin: You like my new toy? It cost me a fortune. But hey, you can't take it with you, right? You came all this way. Watch the test. It's a helluva freakin' light show, you're gonna love this.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peter B. Parker: All right, people, let's do this one last time. My name is Peter B. Parker. I was bitten by a radioactive spider, and for the last twenty-two years I thought I was the one and only Spider-Man. I'm pretty sure you know the rest. You see, I saved the city, fell in love, I got married, saved the city some more, maybe too much, my marriage got testy, made some dicey money choices - don't invest in a Spider-themed restaurant. Then like fifteen years passed, blah blah blah super boring, I broke my back, a drone flew into my face, I buried Aunt May, my wife and I split up. But I handled it like a champion. [cut to Peter crying on the floor of the shower in his spider-suit] Peter B. Parker: 'Cause you know what? No matter how many times I get hit, I always get back up. And I got a lot of time to reflect and work on myself. Did you know that seahorses that they mate for life? Could you imagine a seahorse seeing another seahorse and then making it work? She wanted kids and it scared me. I'm pretty sure I broke her heart. Flash forward, I'm in my apartment doing pushups, doing ab crunches, getting strong - [he is actually lying on the floor eating pizza] Peter B. Parker: - when this weird thing happened. And I gotta say, weird things happen to me a lot. But this was *real* weird. You see, I was in New York, but... things were different. Also I was dead. And blonde. I was kind of... perfect. It was like looking in a mirror. I have a feeling the thing that brought me here was the thing that got him killed. You wanna know what happened next? [beat] Peter B. Parker: Me, too.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Spider-Man Noir: [fighting Tombstone] Is that all you got? You gonna fight or you just bumping gums, you hard-boiled turtle slapper?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Doc Ock: If we fire again this week, there could be a black hole under Brooklyn. You see this? And this? This is multiple dimensions beginning to crash into each other. Peter B. Parker: [eavesdropping with Miles, he makes the "running mouth" hand gesture] This is pretty standard Spider-Man stakes. You get used to it. Watch this. He's gonna say "You've got 24 hours." Kingpin: You've got 24 hours. Doc Ock: What this means is there could be a rupture in the space-time continuum. Peter B. Parker: Ooh. That's bad. Actually, everything she said was bad. I was lying before.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Gwen Stacy: [voiceover] All right, people, let's start at the beginning one last time. My name is Gwen Stacy. I was bitten by a radioactive spider, and for the last two years I've been the one and only Spider-Woman. You guys know the rest. I joined a band. Saved my dad. I couldn't save my best friend, Peter Parker. So now, I save everyone else. And I don't do friends anymore. Just to avoid any distractions. And one day, this weird thing happened. And I mean, like, *really* weird. I was blown into last week. Literally. I landed in New York, but not my New York. My spider sense told me to head to Visions Academy. I wasn't sure why until I met you... [back to the present; Gwen stares down Miles] Miles Morales: I like your haircut. Gwen Stacy: You don't get to like my haircut.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Jefferson Davis: I love you, Miles. Miles Morales: Yeah, I know, Dad. See you Friday. [Miles gets out of the police cruiser and starts walking towards the school; Jefferson blips the siren] Jefferson Davis: [into the cruiser P.A. radio] You gotta say "I love you" back. Miles Morales: Dad, are you serious? Jefferson Davis: [into P.A] I wanna hear it. Miles Morales: You wanna hear me say it. Jefferson Davis: [into P.A] I love you, Dad. Miles Morales: You're dropping me off at a school. Jefferson Davis: [into P.A] I love you, Dad. Miles Morales: Look at this place... Jefferson Davis: [into P.A] Dad, I love you. [long pause; everyone is staring] Miles Morales: [defeated] Dad... I love you. Jefferson Davis: [into P.A] That's a copy. Tie your shoes, please.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Kingpin: I'd say it's nice to see you again, Spider-Man. But it's not. Peter Parker: [weakly, gravely injured] Hey, Kingpin. How's business? Kingpin: Booming. Ha! Peter Parker: Nice... [Kingpin rips off Peter's mask] Peter Parker: Aww, that's a no-no. [beat] Peter Parker: This might open a black hole under Brooklyn. It can't be worth the risk. Kingpin: It's not always about the money, Spider-Man. [Prowler advances on Peter, claws extended] Peter Parker: [frantic] Don't you want to know what I saw in there? Kingpin: [holds up a hand] Wait. Peter Parker: I know what you're trying to do... and it won't work. They're gone. [Kingpin stares, eyes narrowed, then furiously slams his fists down onto Peter, killing him] Kingpin: [to Prowler] Get rid of the body.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Do I get to like the hairdo now? [Miles and Gwen laugh] Gwen Stacy: You know I'm older than you. Fifteen months, but it's pretty significant, if you ask me. Miles Morales: Well, Einstein said time was relative, right? Gwen Stacy: [laughs] Nice. Miles Morales: [offers his hand] Friends? Gwen Stacy: [hesitates, then takes Miles' hand and holds it] Friends. Miles Morales: Cool. Gwen Stacy: See you around, Spider-Man.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: [receives a test graded "0/100"] A zero, huh? A few more of those, you'd probably have to kick me out of here, huh? Maybe I'm just not right for this school. Miss Calleros: If a person wearing a blindfold picked the answers on a true-or-false quiz at random, do you know what score they would get? Miles Morales: Fifty percent? Miss Calleros: That's right! Miles Morales: Wait, wait... Miss Calleros: The only way to get all the answers wrong... is to know which answers are right. [changes the test score to "100/100" and looks up at Miles] Miss Calleros: You're trying to quit. And I'm not gonna let you.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Miles Morales: Gosh, don't cops run red lights? Jefferson Davis: Oh, yeah. Some do. But not your dad.

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Peni Parker: Hi guys! Konichiwa! Hajimemashita yoroshuku?

§Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse ¤ Aunt May: [as the Spider-People prepare to fight Kingpin's henchmen in May's living room] Would you mind taking this outside? Spider-Man Noir: We don't pick the ballroom. We just dance.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: [getting progressively more agitated] The question is, Frau Helm, were you lying then, are you lying now, or are you not in fact a chronic and habitual LIAR!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: I am constantly surprised that women's hats do not provoke more murders.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Give me a match. Leonard Vole: Sorry, I don't carry matches. Sir Wilfrid: [to Brogan-Moore] I thought you said I'd like him. Leonard Vole: But I do have a lighter. Sir Wilfrid: You're quite right, I do like him.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Would you like a cigar? Pardon me. [Takes cigar out of Mayhew's suit pocket] Inspector Hearne: That's very kind of you Sir Wilfrid. Sir Wilfrid: I better not, it would constitute a bribe. [Places cigar into his own suit pocket]

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: Wilfrid the Fox! That's what they call him, and that's what he is!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ [last lines] Miss Plimsoll: [hands Sir Wilfrid his thermos bottle] Sir Wilfrid, you've forgotten your brandy!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Janet Mackensie: Perhaps you can help me, your Lordship. Six months, I have applied for my hearing aid and I am still waiting for it. Judge: My dear madame. Considering the rubbish that is being talked nowadays, you are missing very little.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Leonard Vole: But this is England, where I thought you never arrest, let alone convict, people for crimes they have not committed. Sir Wilfrid: We try not to make a habit of it.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Mayhew: She and her husband had lived abroad for many years in British Nigeria. He was in the colonial service. He died in '45 of a heart attack. Sir Wilfrid: Oh, please, Mayhew, not while I'm smoking.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Leonard Vole: What are you looking for? Christine Vole: My accordion. Leonard Vole: [stepping on it] I think I've found it. Christine Vole: Step on it again. It's still breathing.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: I'd better take that thermos of cocoa with me. It helps me wash down down the pills. Miss Plimsoll: Let me see. My learned patient is not above substituting brandy for cocoa. [opens thermos and smells] Miss Plimsoll: Sniff, sniff. It is cocoa. So sorry. Sir Wilfrid: If you were a woman, Miss Plimsoll, I would strike you.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: Damn you. Damn you. Damn you! Damn you!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Brogan-Moore: Touching isn't it? The way he counts on his wife. Sir Wilfrid: Yes, like a drowning man clutching at a razor blade.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: It's beddy-bye. We better go upstairs now, get undressed and lie down. Sir Wilfrid: We? What a nauseating prospect.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: My Lord, may I also remind my learned friend that his witness, by her own admission, has already violated so many oaths that I am surprised the Testament did not LEAP FROM HER HAND when she was sworn here today! I doubt if anything is to be gained by questioning you any further! That will be all, Frau Helm!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ [Miss Plimsoll discovers cigars hidden in Sir Wilfrid's cane] Sir Wilfrid: You could be jailed for that. You had no search warrant for my cane!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: Is there too much of a draught? Should I roll up the window? Sir Wilfrid: Just roll up your mouth, you talk too much. If I had known how much you talk I'd never have come out of my coma.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Kings, prime ministers, archbishops, even barristers have stood in the dock.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: I almost married a lawyer once. I was in attendance when he had his appendectomy, and we became engaged as soon as he could sit up... and then peritonitis set in and he went just like that! Sir Wilfrid: He certainly was a lucky lawyer.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: We've disposed of the gallows, but there's still that banana peel somewhere.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Cockney Woman: I'll give ya somethin' to dream about, Mister. Wanna kiss me, ducky?

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: He is not my husband. Leonard and I went through a form of marriage in Hamburg, but, I had a husband living at the time somewhere in East Germany in the Russian zone. Sir Wilfrid: Did you tell Leonard? Christine Vole: I did not! It would have been stupid to tell him. He would not have married me and I would have been left behind to starve in the rubble. Brogan-Moore: But, he did marry you and brought you safely to this country. Don't you think you should be very grateful to him? Christine Vole: One can get very tired of gratitude.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Doctors! They've deprived me of everything: alcohol, tobacco, female companionship!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: I shall have a very serious talk with Doctor Harrison. It was a mistake to let you come back here. I shall take you directly to a rest home or resort. Some place quiet, far off, like Bermuda. Sir Wilfrid: Shut up. You just want to see me in those nasty shorts.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: You know, I feel sorry for that nice Mr. Vole. And not just because he was arrested, but that wife of his, she must be German. I suppose that's what happens when we let our boys cross the Channel. They go crazy! Personally, I think the government should do something about those foreign wives. Like an embargo. How else can we take care of our own surplus. Don't you agree Sir Wilfrid?

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: Our nap! Sir Wilfrid! Our nap! Sir Wilfrid: You go on ahead. Start it without me.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: [to Brogan-Moore] Oh, pardon, Mrs. Vole, handle her gently especially when you break the news of the arrest. Bear in mind, she's a foreigner. So be prepared for hysterics and even a fainting spell. Better have smelling salts ready, a box of tissues and a nip of brandy. Christine Vole: [Enters Mrs. Vole] I do not think that will be necessary. I never faint because I'm not sure that I will fall gracefully and I never use smelling salts because they puff up the eyes. I'm Christine Vole.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: [shortly after Christine is attacked by soldiers] You better get out of here. You've been trouble enough. Leonard Vole: Actually, it's your own fault. That costume in the picture outside gave the boys ideas, and then those trousers of yours let them down hard.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Mr. Myers: I hope we are not to be deprived of the learned and stimulating company of Sir Wilfrid?

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: It isn't even my letter paper! I write my letters on small, blue paper with my initials on it? Sir Wilfrid: Like these? [pulling out a sheaf of letters on blue paper] Christine Vole: Damn you! Damn you! Let me go! Let me get out of here!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: You think Mrs. French looked upon Leonard as a son? Or a nephew? Brogan-Moore: I do. An entirely natural and understandable relationship. Christine Vole: What hypocrites you are in this country.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Ah, Miss Plimsoll, how alluring you look. Waiting like a hangman on the scaffold...

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: Teeny weeny flight of steps, Sir Wilfrid, we mustn't forget we've had a teeny weeny heart attack.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Leonard Vole: [in Christine's bombed-out hovel] It's horrible! In a gemutlich sort of way.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: You are burning my nose.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: I could probably think better if you gave me one of those cigars.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Mrs. French: Do sit down and don't mind Janet, Mr. Vole, its just that she's terribly Scotch.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Mrs. French: You know, maybe I'll take a glass of sherry, myself. I feel like Christmas, somehow. Ha-ha.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Your husband loves you very much, does he not? Christine Vole: Leonard? He worships the ground I walk on. Sir Wilfrid: And you? Christine Vole: You want to know too much. Auf wiedersehen, gentlemen.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: I have done an unethical thing. I have taken your cigar and I am not taking your case.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Blood is thicker than evidence.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ [the jury is back] Brogan-Moore: You're not worried about the verdict? Sir Wilfrid: It's not their judgment that worries me, it's mine.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Brogan-Moore: Chipper, isn't he? An hour ago, he had one foot on the gallows and the other on a banana peel. You ought to be very proud, Wilfrid. Aren't you? Sir Wilfrid: Not yet. We've disposed of the gallows, but there's still that banana peel somewhere, under somebody's foot.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Sir Wilfrid: Might as well get a bigger box of more mothballs and put me away too.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Miss Plimsoll: Sir Wilfrid. Sir Wilfrid! You're dawdling again. [Claps hands twice]

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Bar Patron: Hey Fräulein, show us some legs!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Leonard Vole: How are you fixed for sugar? Christine Vole: I could use some.

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: [while applying lipstick] What a wicked woman I am, and how brilliantly you expose me!

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Christine Vole: Mr Mayhew described you as the champion of the hopeless cause. Is it perhaps that this cause is too hopeless?

§Witness for the Prosecution ¤ Brogan-Moore: Congratulations, here are your cigars. Sir Wilfrid: Not yet. Brogan-Moore: Come on, it's all over, wrapped up neat and tidy. What's wrong? Sir Wilfrid: It's a little too neat, too tidy, and altogether too symmetrical, that's what's wrong with it.

§The Great Dictator ¤ [last lines] A Jewish Barber: I'm sorry, but I don't want to be an emperor. That's not my business. I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone if possible; Jew, Gentile, black man, white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone, and the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way. Greed has poisoned men's souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical; our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost. The airplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men; cries out for universal brotherhood; for the unity of us all. Even now my voice is reaching millions throughout the world, millions of despairing men, women, and little children, victims of a system that makes men torture and imprison innocent people. To those who can hear me, I say, do not despair. The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed, the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress. The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish. Soldiers! Don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you, enslave you; who regiment your lives, tell you what to do, what to think and what to feel! Who drill you, diet you, treat you like cattle, use you as cannon fodder. Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men - machine men with machine minds and machine hearts! You are not machines, you are not cattle, you are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You don't hate! Only the unloved hate; the unloved and the unnatural. Soldiers! Don't fight for slavery! Fight for liberty! In the seventeenth chapter of St. Luke, it is written that the kingdom of God is within man, not one man nor a group of men, but in all men! In you! You, the people, have the power, the power to create machines, the power to create happiness! You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure. Then in the name of democracy, let us use that power. Let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world, a decent world that will give men a chance to work, that will give youth a future and old age a security. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power. But they lie! They do not fulfill that promise. They never will! Dictators free themselves but they enslave the people. Now let us fight to fulfill that promise. Let us fight to free the world! To do away with national barriers! To do away with greed, with hate and intolerance! Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all men's happiness. Soldiers, in the name of democracy, let us all unite! Hannah, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up Hannah! The clouds are lifting! The sun is breaking through! We are coming out of the darkness into the light! We are coming into a new world; a kindlier world, where men will rise above their hate, their greed, and brutality. Look up, Hannah! The soul of man has been given wings and at last he is beginning to fly. He is flying into the rainbow! Into the light of hope, into the future! The glorious future, that belongs to you, to me and to all of us. Look up, Hannah. Look up! Mr. Jaeckel: Hannah, did you hear that? Hannah: Listen...

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: Strange, and I always thought of you as an Aryan. A Jewish barber: I'm a vegetarian

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: Can you fly a plane? A Jewish Barber: I can try...

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Strange, these strike leaders, they're all brunettes. Not a blonde amongst them. Garbitsch: Brunettes are trouble makers. They're worse than the Jews. Adenoid Hynkel: Then wipe them out. Garbitsch: Start small. Not so fast. We get rid of the Jews first, then concentrate on the brunettes. Adenoid Hynkel: We shall never have peace 'til we have a pure Aryan race. How wonderful. Tomainia, a nation of blue-eyed blondes. Garbitsch: Why not a blonde Europe, a blonde Asia, and blonde America. Adenoid Hynkel: A blonde world. Garbitsch: And a brunette dictator. Adenoid Hynkel: Dictator of the world!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: How's the gas? A Jewish barber: Terrible, it kept me awake all night. Schultz: No, no, no! The gasoline in the tank.

§The Great Dictator ¤ [first lines] Title Cards: Note, any resemblance between Hynkle the Dictator and the Jewish Barber is purely co-incidental. Title Cards: This is a story of a period between two World Wars - an interim in which Insanity cut loose. Liberty took a nose dive, and Humanity was kicked around somewhat.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Declare war on Napaloni. Garbitsch: Napaloni? Adenoid Hynkel: Yes, Napaloni! [to Field Marshal Herring] Adenoid Hynkel: Listen, you blockhead. Mobilise every division of the army and the air force. Proceed to Bacteria and attack at once. Garbitsch: But war will be the end of us. Adenoid Hynkel: Do as I tell you. Garbitsch: Madness. Adenoid Hynkel: Shut up! Garbitsch: Very well. Would you sign this? Adenoid Hynkel: Yes, I'll... what is it? Garbitsch: The declaration of war. Adenoid Hynkel: Then I'll sign it. A pen! Und stratz mit ze uldensackt. I'll sign it! Und stratz mit sei öldensackt, il der, der flutens... , der... , der... , und strippensackt! A pen! I'll sign it. Napaloni, de grosse peanut, de cheesy ravioli. There!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Field Marshal Herring: We've just discovered the most wonderful, the most *marvelous* poisonous gas! It will kill everybody! Adenoid Hynkel: All right, later, later, later.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: Heil Hynk... Oh what am I saying?

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Garbitsch, what's the meaning of this? These appropriations? Twenty-five million for prison camps when we need every penny for the manufacturing of ammunition's? Garbitsch: We've had to make a few arrests. Adenoid Hynkel: A few? How many? Garbitsch: Nothing astronomical. Five or ten thousand. Adenoid Hynkel: Oh. Garbitsch: A day. Adenoid Hynkel: A day? Garbitsch: Just a few dissenters, that's all.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: You must speak. A Jewish Barber: I can't. Schultz: You must. It's our only hope. A Jewish Barber: Hope...

§The Great Dictator ¤ Hannah: Do you believe in God? A Jewish Barber: Well... Hannah: I do! But, if there wasn't one, would you live any different? I wouldn't.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Nothing works! Not a decent pen. Not even a sharp pencil! I'm surrounded by nothing but incompetent, stupid, sterile stenographers!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Garbitsch: "Corona veniat electis." Victory shall come to the worthy. Today, democracy, liberty, and equality are words to fool the people. No nation can progress with such ideas. They stand in the way of action. Therefore, we frankly abolish them. In the future, each man will serve the interest of the State with absolute obedience. Let him who refuses beware! The rights of citizenship will be taken away from all Jews and other non-Aryans. They are inferior and therefore enemies of the state. It is the duty of all true Aryans to hate and despise them. Henceforth this nation is annexed to the Tomanian Empire, and the people of this nation will obey the laws bestowed upon us by our great leader, the Dictator of Tomainia, the conqueror of Osterlich, the future Emperor of the World! Schultz: You speak. A Jewish Barber: I can't. Schultz: You must. It's our only hope.

§The Great Dictator ¤ A Jewish Barber: We seem to be defying the laws of gravity.

§The Great Dictator ¤ International press reporter: The Phooey has just referred to the Jewish people.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: [plane is upside down] We're upside down! A Jewish Barber: I know it. Schultz: Give me that stick! A Jewish Barber: Impossible. Schultz: [engine dies] Oh, there it goes. We're out of gas. Well, this is it then. [pulls out cigarette pack] Schultz: Cigarette? A Jewish Barber: Not now. Schultz: Then I shant need this anymore. [tosses cigarette pack]

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: [Excusing himself from Madame Napaloni's company on the dance floor upon being summoned by Garbitsch] Madame, your dancing was superb. Excellent. Very good. Good.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: You see, when I get shaved, I'm very nervous. I like something to look at. So I'm putting in glass walls and ceiling... so that when my head is turned this way, I shall have a view of the mountains. And when it's tipped this way, I shall have a view through the glass ceiling. Napaloni - Dictator of Bacteria: What's above-a the ceiling? Adenoid Hynkel: The ballroom.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: How was it? Garbitsch: The speech? Adenoid Hynkel: Yes. Garbitsch: Very good. I thought your reference to the Jews might have been more violent. Adenoid Hynkel: What? Garbitsch: We've got to rouse the people's anger. At this time, violence against the Jews might take the public's mind off it's stomach.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Hannah: It's all right now. They've gone. Thanks, mister! Ah, that did me a lot of good. You sure got nerve the way you fought back! That's what we should all do. Fight back! We can't fight alone; but, we can lick 'em together! We didn't do so bad, did we?

§The Great Dictator ¤ Hannah: Look at that star. Isn't it beautiful. One thing, Hynkel, with all his power, can never touch that.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Field Marshal Herring: Banana! Adenoid Hynkel: Banana? Ein been poopin' era eina cheese-n-crackers withouten!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Schultz, why have you forsaken me?

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: Oh, there it goes. We're out of gas. Well, I suppose this is the end. Cigarette? A Jewish Barber: Not now! Schultz: Then, I shan't need this anymore. What month is it? April. Spring! In Tomainia. Hilda will be in the garden now, tilling the daffodils. How she *loves* daffodils. She could never cut them for fear of hurting them. It was like taking a life, to cut a daffodil. Sweet, gentle Hilda. [plane crashes]

§The Great Dictator ¤ Hannah: [after the Jewish Barber gets in a scuffle with a storm trooper] Oh, I'm sorry mister. I didn't mean to hit you. You were wonderful. I enjoyed that. But, don't stand there. You better beat it! A Jewish Barber: No, I'll call a policeman. Hannah: No, no! Don't do that! A Jewish Barber: Why not? Hannah: Are you crazy?

§The Great Dictator ¤ Garbitsch: We might go a little further with the Jews. Burn down some of their houses. A spectacular assault on the ghetto, now, might prove diverting. Adenoid Hynkel: We must do something more dramatic. Now is the time to invade Osterlich.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Mr. Jaeckel: If things get worse, you can still go to Osterlich. That's still a free country. Sooner or later, we'll have to go.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Mr. Jaeckel: Hannah, get up in that chair. We are going to make you look beautiful. Hannah: Beautiful? What for? Mr. Jaeckel: He's going to practice on you for a beauty parlor. Hannah: You're not going to put mud on my face are ya? Mr. Jaeckel: Ah, we're going to take some off!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Hannah: Life could be wonderful if people'd leave you alone.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Secret Agent B-76: The men are planning a strike at the arms factory. Adenoid Hynkel: Who's the leader? Secret Agent B-76: There were five of them. Adenoid Hynkel: Have them shot. Secret Agent B-76: They were, your Excellency. Adenoid Hynkel: Oh. Hum. How many do you say were going on strike? Secret Agent B-76: The whole factory: 3,000 of them. Adenoid Hynkel: Have them all shot! I don't want any of my workers dissatisfied. Garbitsch: But, your Excellency, these men are skilled craftsmen. Why not let them work until they can train others and then shoot them. Adenoid Hynkel: We cannot afford to be lenient. Garbitsch: The whole rhythm of production will be affected if we shoot them now. Adenoid Hynkel: Rhythm of production? All right, have your rhythms.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Garbitsch: It's our destiny! We'll kill off the Jews. Wipe out the brunettes. Then, will come forth our dream of pure Aryan race! Adenoid Hynkel: Beautiful blonde Aryans. Garbitsch: They will love you. They will adore you. They will worship you as a god! Adenoid Hynkel: Oh! No-no! You mustn't say it! You make me afraid of myself.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: Remember my words. Your cause is doomed to failure because its built on the stupid, ruthless persecution of innocent people. Your policy is worst than a crime. It's a tragic blunder! Adenoid Hynkel: Traitor! Traitor! You're nothing but a doubley-eyed Democrat!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Madame Napaloni: [arriving at the Tomainia Train Station] Papa, why can't-a we get out here? Napaloni - Dictator of Bacteria: There is-a no carpet. Madame Napaloni: Who cares about a carpet? Napaloni - Dictator of Bacteria: Il Digaditchi, me, a-Napaloni, I never get out without a carpet!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Garbitsch: This man, Napaloni, is aggressive, domineering. Before we make our demands, we must put him in his place. Adenoid Hynkel: Precisely! But, how? Garbitsch: By means of applied psychology. In other words, by making him feel inferior. This can be done in many subtle ways. [looking down at Hynkel] Garbitsch: For instance, at this interview, I have so arranged that he will always be looking up at you. You, looking down at him. At all times this position will be inferior.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: He's coming! He's coming! Quick! Get me a flower! A flower!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: There it is! The village of Pretzelberg. A Jewish Barber: Pretzelberg? Schultz: If we can pass through there, we're safe across the Osterlich border.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Schultz: [Speaking to the barber, loudly, so that the storm troopers can hear] In future you will not be molested again. If you or your friends ever need help... [From a rooftop, Hannah throws a large piece of masonry on to the head of one of the storm troopers] Schultz: Who did that? A Jewish Barber: [Smiling sheepishly] One of my friends.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Mr. Mann: [humming while approaching] Good morning, Mr. Jaeckel. Mr. Jaeckel: What's good about it? Mr. Mann: Well, conditions could be worse. Mr. Jaeckel: You think they could be worse, you have a great imagination.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: [in the middle of a speech in which he rants in "German"] Phooey!

§The Great Dictator ¤ [repeated line] People: Heil Hynkel!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Tighten de belten!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Ah, Herring. Poop-shin, Herring. Bismark, Herring.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: Ah, de Aryan. Und de Aryan maiden. Ah, de Aryan maiden! Ah, the delicatessen bitte schön.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Adenoid Hynkel: The Juden. [growls] Adenoid Hynkel: The Juden! Un de striff de sauerkraut with a Juden!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Heinrich Schtick - Translator: His Excellency leaves the scene of his triumph and will return to the palace along Hynkel Strasse, The Avenue of Culture, where he will pass Tomainia's modern masterpieces, The 'Venus of Today' and the 'Hynkel of Tomorrow.'

§The Great Dictator ¤ Mr. Jaeckel: Why worry? With the taxes, the government will soon take it away from him.

§The Great Dictator ¤ Tomanian Storm Trooper, Storm Trooper Stealing Fruit, Storm Trooper, Storm Trooper, Storm Trooper Officer: [singing] Arya, Arya, Arya, Arya, Aryan! And Kings go marching by!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Mr. Jaeckel: How's business? A Jewish Barber: Very slow. Very slow. Mr. Jaeckel: The trouble is the men are all in Concentration Camps. You should go in for fixing up the women! Nice money in the beauty parlor business. Do you know anything about it? Heh? A Jewish Barber: Me? No. Mr. Jaeckel: Oh, you could learn. You could practice on Hannah. A Jewish Barber: Yeah!

§The Great Dictator ¤ Hannah: I wish I had a business like this. There's no future in housework.

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: Hey Vasquez, have you ever been mistaken for a man? Private Vasquez: No. Have you?

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: [when the alien queen threatens Newt] Get away from her, you bitch!

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse. You don't see them fucking each other over for a goddamn percentage.

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: They cut the power. Private Hudson: What do you mean *they* cut the power? How could they cut the power, man? They're animals!

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: Did IQs just drop sharply while I was away?

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: [after the drop ship crash] Well, that's great. That's just fuckin' great, man! Now what the fuck are we supposed to do? We're in some real pretty shit now, man! Corporal Hicks: [grabs him by the shirt] Are you finished? Newt: I guess we're not gonna be leaving now, right? Ripley: I'm sorry, Newt. Newt: You don't have to be sorry. It wasn't your fault. Private Hudson: That's it, man. Game over, man. Game over! What the fuck are we gonna do now? What are we gonna do? Burke: Maybe we can build a fire, sing a couple of songs, huh? Why don't we try that? Newt: We'd better get back 'cause it'll be dark soon and they mostly come at night. Mostly.

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: How long after we're declared overdue can we expect a rescue? Corporal Hicks: [pause] Seventeen days. Private Hudson: Seventeen *days*? Hey man, I don't wanna rain on your parade, but we're not gonna last seventeen hours! Those things are gonna come in here just like they did before. And they're gonna come in here... Ripley: Hudson! Private Hudson: ...and they're gonna come in here AND THEY'RE GONNA GET US! Ripley: Hudson! This little girl survived longer than that with no weapons and no training. [to Newt] Ripley: Right? [Newt apes a salute] Private Hudson: Why don't you put *her* in charge?

§Aliens ¤ Newt: My mommy always said there were no monsters - no real ones - but there are. Ripley: Yes, there are, aren't there? Newt: Why do they tell little kids that? Ripley: Most of the time it's true.

§Aliens ¤ Private Vasquez: Look, man. I only need to know one thing: where they are. Private Drake: Go, Vasquez. Kick ass. Private Vasquez: Anytime, anywhere, man! Private Hudson: Right, right. Somebody said "alien" she thought they said "illegal alien" and signed up! Private Vasquez: Fuck you, man! Private Hudson: Anytime, anywhere.

§Aliens ¤ Private Vasquez: [after barely surviving the alien surprise attack] All right. We got seven canisters of CM-20. I say we roll them in there and nerve gas the whole fuckin' nest. Corporal Hicks: It's worth the try, but we don't know if that's gonna affect them. Private Hudson: Look let's just bug out and call it even, okay? What are we even talking about this for? Ripley: I say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. Private Hudson: Fuckin' A! Burke: Hold on, hold on just a second. This installation has a substantial dollar value attached to it. Ripley: They can *bill* me. Burke: Okay, I know this is an emotional moment for all of us, okay? I know that. But let's not make snap judgments, please. This is clearly... clearly an important species we're dealing with and I don't think that you or I, or *anybody*, has the right to arbitrarily exterminate them. Ripley: [laughs feebly] Wrong. Private Vasquez: Yeah. Watch us. Private Hudson: Hey, maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got our asses kicked, pal! Burke: Look. I'm not blind to what's going on, but I cannot authorize that kind of action. I'm sorry. Ripley: Well, I believe that Corporal Hicks... has authority here. Burke: *Corporal* Hicks has... Ripley: This operation is under military jurisdiction and Hicks is next in chain of command. Am I right, Corporal? Corporal Hicks: Yeah... yeah, that's right. Burke: Yeah... Look, Ripley, this is a multi-million dollar installation, okay? He can't make that kind of decision. He's just a grunt! Uh, no offense. Corporal Hicks: [coldly] None taken. Corporal Hicks: [into headset] Ferro, do you copy? Corporal Ferro: [on comms] Standing by. Corporal Hicks: Prepare for dust-off. We're gonna need immediate evac. Corporal Ferro: [on comms] Roger. On our way. Corporal Hicks: I say we take off, nuke the site from orbit. [looks to Ripley] Corporal Hicks: It's the only way to be sure. [Ripley smiles]

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: Stop your grinnin' and drop your linen!

§Aliens ¤ Sergeant Apone: [after the briefing] All right sweethearts, you heard the man and you know the drill. Assholes and elbows! Hudson, come here! Come *here*!

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: Well, somebody's gonna have to go out there. Take a portable terminal, go out there and patch in manually. Private Hudson: Oh yeah, sure! With those things runnin' around? You can count me out. Corporal Hicks: Yeah, I guess we can just count you out of everything, Hudson. Bishop: [speaking under Hicks] I'll go. Private Hudson: That's right, man. Bishop: I'll go. Private Hudson: Hey, why don't *you* go, man! Bishop: [more loudly] I'll go. Ripley: What? Bishop: I'll go. I mean, I'm the only one qualified to remote-pilot the ship anyway. Private Hudson: Yeah right, man, Bishop should go. [Vasquez looks at Hudson with disgust] Private Hudson: Good idea! Bishop: Believe me, I'd prefer not to. I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid.

§Aliens ¤ Sergeant Apone: All right, sweethearts, what are you waiting for? Breakfast in bed? Another glorious day in the Corps! A day in the Marine Corps is like a day on the farm. Every meal's a banquet! Every paycheck a fortune! Every formation a parade! I *love* the Corps!

§Aliens ¤ Burke: [about the facehuggers] Look, those two specimens are worth millions to the bio-weapons division. Now, if you're smart, we can both come out of it as heroes and we'll be set up for life. Ripley: You're crazy Burke, you know that? You really think that you can get a dangerous organism like that past ICC quarantine? Burke: How can they impound it if they don't know about it? Ripley: Oh, they *will* know about it, Burke, from me. Just like they'll know that you were responsible for the deaths of 158 colonists here. Burke: Wait a second... Ripley: You sent them to that ship. Burke: You're wrong. Ripley: I just checked the colony log. Dated 0-6-1-2-7-9, signed Burke, Carter J. You sent them out there and you didn't even warn them. Why didn't you warn them, Burke? Burke: Okay, look. What if that ship didn't even exist, huh? Did you ever think about that? I didn't know! So now, if I went in and made a major security issue out of it, everybody steps in. Administration steps in, and there are no exclusive rights for anybody; nobody wins. So I made a decision and it was... wrong. It was a bad call, Ripley. It was a bad call. Ripley: Bad call? [Ripley grabs Burke by his vest and shoves him against a wall] Ripley: These people are *dead*, Burke! Don't you have any idea what you have done here? Well, I'm gonna make sure they nail you right to the wall for this! You're not gonna sleaze your way out of this one! Right to the wall! [Ripley lets go of Burke] Burke: Ripley...! You know, I... I expected more from you. I thought you'd be smarter than this. Ripley: I'm happy to disappoint you. [Ripley leaves]

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: We're on an express elevator to hell, going down!

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: How many drops is this for you, Lieutenant? Lieutenant Gorman: Thirty eight... simulated. Private Vasquez: How many *combat* drops? Lieutenant Gorman: Uh, two. Including this one. Private Drake: Shit. Private Hudson: Oh, man...

§Aliens ¤ Private Vasquez: You always were an asshole, Gorman!

§Aliens ¤ Private Vasquez: LET'S ROCK! [open fires]

§Aliens ¤ Bishop: [puzzled by Ripley's reaction towards him] Is there a problem? Burke: I'm sorry. I don't know why I didn't even... Ripley's last trip out, the syn- the artificial person malfunctioned. Ripley: "Malfunctioned"? Burke: There were problems and a-a few deaths were involved. Bishop: I'm shocked. Was it an older model? Burke: Yeah, the Hyperdyne Systems 120-A2. Bishop: Well, that explains it then. The A2s always were a bit twitchy. That could never happen now with our behavioral inhibitors. It is impossible for me to harm or by omission of action, allow to be harmed, a human being.

§Aliens ¤ Lieutenant Gorman: [to Apone over the radio] Look, uh, Apone. [Apone snaps his fingers, bringing his troops to a halt] Lieutenant Gorman: Look, we can't have any firing in there. I, uh... I want you to collect magazines from everybody. Private Hudson: Is he fuckin' crazy? Private Frost: What the hell are we supposed to use, man, harsh language?

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: Man, this floor is freezing. Sergeant Apone: What do you want me to do, fetch your slippers for you? Private Hudson: Gee, would you, sir? I'd like that. [Apone pulls down the skin under his left eye with middle finger] Sergeant Apone: Look into my eye.

§Aliens ¤ Lieutenant Gorman: Hicks, meet me at the south lock. We're coming in. Corporal Hicks: Roger. Private Hudson: [to Vasquez] He's comin' in. I feel safer already. Private Vasquez: Pendejo jerk off...

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: Hey, maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got our asses kicked, pal!

§Aliens ¤ Lieutenant Gorman: Any questions? [Hudson raises his hand] Lieutenant Gorman: What is it, Private? Private Hudson: How do I get out of this chickenshit outfit? Sergeant Apone: You secure that shit, Hudson!

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: [puts his rifle against Burke's head] I say we grease this rat-fuck son-of-a-bitch right now. Corporal Hicks: It just doesn't make any goddamn sense. Ripley: He figured that he could get an alien back through quarantine, if one of us was... impregnated... whatever you call it, and then frozen for the trip home. Nobody would know about the embryos we were carrying... me and Newt. Corporal Hicks: Wait a minute, now... we'd all know. Ripley: Yes. The only way he could do it is if he sabotaged certain freezers on the way home... namely, yours. Then he could jettison the bodies and make up any story he liked. Private Hudson: Fuck. He's dead. You're dog-meat, pal! Burke: This is so nuts. I mean, listen - listen to what you're saying. It's paranoid delusion. How - It's really sad. It's pathetic. Ripley: You know, Burke, I don't know which species is worse. You don't see them fucking each other over for a goddamn percentage. Corporal Hicks: All right, we waste him. No offense. Ripley: No. He's gotta go back.

§Aliens ¤ Private Frost: Hot as hell in here. Private Hudson: Yeah man, but it's a dry heat!

§Aliens ¤ [the Marines are all hard at work, preparing for the drop] Ripley: Hey, I feel like kind of a fifth wheel around here. Is there anything I can do? Sergeant Apone: I don't know, is there anything you can do? Ripley: ...Well, I can drive that loader. I have a Class-2 rating. Sergeant Apone: Be my guest. [Ripley mounts the second loader, activates it, then casually drives it to pick up a cargo container] Ripley: [nonchalantly] Where do you want it? [Hicks grins, and Apone booms with laughter] Sergeant Apone: Bay Twelve, please.

§Aliens ¤ Lieutenant Gorman: [referring to the knife game] I thought you never missed, Bishop. [Ripley looks up to see a white milky substance leaking from between Bishop's thumb and index fingers] Ripley: [to Burke in an accusatory tone] You never said anything about an android being on board! Why not? Burke: Pff, it never... never occurred to me. It's just common practice. We always have a synthetic on board. Bishop: I prefer the term "Artificial Person" myself.

§Aliens ¤ [Ripley slaps away the tray of food Bishop offers her] Private Frost: I guess she don't like the cornbread, either.

§Aliens ¤ Corporal Ferro: [as dropship enters atmosphere] We're in the pipe, five by five.

§Aliens ¤ Corporal Hicks: [1:18:42] [sticks shotgun right inside an alien's mouth] Corporal Hicks: Eat this!

§Aliens ¤ Bishop: [echoing a compliment Ripley paid to him] Not bad for a human.

§Aliens ¤ Newt: We'd better get back, 'cause it'll be dark soon, and they mostly come at night... mostly.

§Aliens ¤ [special edition] [during the drop to LV-426] Private Hudson: I'm ready, man, check it out. I am the *ultimate* badass! State of the badass art! You do not wanna fuck with me. Check it out! Hey Ripley, don't worry. Me and my squad of ultimate badasses will protect you! Check it out! Independently targeting particle beam phalanx. Vwap! Fry half a city with this puppy. We got tactical smart missiles, phased plasma pulse rifles, RPGs, we got sonic electronic ball breakers! We got nukes, we got knives, sharp sticks... Sergeant Apone: Knock it off, Hudson. All right, gear up.

§Aliens ¤ [pulling out his pump-action shotgun] Corporal Hicks: I like to keep this handy... for close encounters. Private Frost: I heard *that*.

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: Lieutenant, what do those pulse rifles fire? Lieutenant Gorman: 10 millimeter explosive tip caseless. Standard light armor piercing rounds. Why? Ripley: Well, look where your team is. They're right under the primary heat exchangers. Lieutenant Gorman: So? Ripley: So, if they fire their weapons in there, won't they rupture the cooling system? Burke: [interjecting] Ho, ho, ho. Yeah, she's absolutely right. Lieutenant Gorman: So? So what? Burke: Look, this whole station is basically a big fusion reactor, right? So you're talkin' about a thermonuclear explosion and adiós, muchachos. Lieutenant Gorman: Oh, great. Wonderful. Shit!

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: Sir? Lieutenant Gorman: What is it, Hicks? Private Hudson: Hudson, sir. He's Hicks. [signals to Hicks] Lieutenant Gorman: What's the question? Private Hudson: Is this gonna be a standup fight, sir, or another bug hunt? Lieutenant Gorman: All we know is that there's still no contact with the colony and that a xenomorph may be involved. Private Frost: Excuse me, sir, a-a what? Lieutenant Gorman: A xenomorph. Corporal Hicks: It's a bug hunt.

§Aliens ¤ [Burke greets Ripley at the hospital after she has been rescued from hypersleep] Burke: I'm Burke. Carter Burke. I work for the company. But don't let that fool you, I'm really an okay guy. I'm glad to see you're feeling a little better. They, uh, they tell me that all the weakness and disorientation should pass soon. It's just natural side effects of such an unusually long hypersleep, or something like that. Ripley: What do you mean? How long was I out there? Burke: [stunned] Has no one discussed this with you yet? Ripley: No. But, I mean, I don't... recognize this place. Burke: [visibly uncomfortable] No, I know. Uh, okay, it's just that, uh, this might be a shock to you. It's long... Ripley: *How* long? Please. Burke: [after a pause] Fifty-seven years. Ripley: [stunned disbelief] What? Burke: That's the thing. You were out there for fifty-seven years. What happened was, you had drifted right through the core systems, and it's really just blind luck that a deep salvage team found you when they did. It's one in a thousand, really. I think you're damn lucky to be alive, kiddo. You could be floating out there forever.

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: See you, Hicks. Corporal Hicks: Dwayne. It's Dwayne. Ripley: ...Ellen. Corporal Hicks: [smiles weakly] Don't be gone long, Ellen.

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: [to Jones, the cat] And you, you little shit-head... you're staying here.

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: Maybe we got 'em demoralized.

§Aliens ¤ [after Ripley and Newt's narrow rescue by Bishop] Bishop: I'm sorry if I scared you. That platform was just becoming too unstable. I had to circle and hope that things didn't get too rough to take you off. Ripley: Bishop, you did okay. Bishop: I did? Ripley: Oh, yeah.

§Aliens ¤ Van Leuwin: Thank you Ripley, that will be all. Ripley: [aggravated] Goddammit, that's *not* all! 'Cause if one of those things gets down here then that *will* be all! And all this... [Ripley grabs up a few pieces of paper] Ripley: This *bullshit* you think is so important... [Ripley tosses the paper, scattering them] Ripley: You can just kiss all of that goodbye!

§Aliens ¤ [only in special edition] [discussing where the eggs come from] Private Hudson: Maybe it's like an ant-hive? Private Vasquez: Bees, man. Bees have hives!

§Aliens ¤ Lieutenant Gorman: Drake, check your camera. There seems to be a malfunction. [Drake smacks his head and camera against a nearby support, the picture clears] Lieutenant Gorman: That's better.

§Aliens ¤ [a facehugger trapped in a stasis tube tries unsuccessfully to attack Burke] Corporal Hicks: Looks like love at first sight to me. Oh, he likes you, Burke!

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: [reading a motion detector] I got signals. I got readings, in front and behind. Private Frost: Where, man? I don't see shit. Corporal Hicks: He's right. There's nothin' back here. Private Hudson: Look, I'm telling ya, there's somethin' movin' and it ain't us! Tracker's off scale, man. They're all around us, man. Jesus! Corporal Dietrich: Maybe they don't show up on infrared at all... [an alien pounces on her and drags her up to the ceiling]

§Aliens ¤ Private Hudson: Hey top, what's the op? Sergeant Apone: It's a rescue mission, you'll love it. There's some juicy colonists' daughters we have to rescue from their virginity.

§Aliens ¤ Ripley: It's very pretty Bishop but what're we looking for? Bishop: [pointing at gas coming from the reactor] That's it. The emergency venting. Private Hudson: Oh, that's beautiful, man. Oh man, that-that-that just beats it all. Corporal Hicks: How long till it blows? Bishop: Four hours. With a blast radius of thirty kilometers, equal to about forty megatons. Corporal Hicks: We got problems. Private Hudson: I don't believe this. I don't fucking *believe* this! Corporal Hicks: Vasquez, close the shutters. Ripley: Why can't we shut it down from here? Bishop: I'm sorry, the crash caused too much damage. An overload... is inevitable at this point. Private Hudson: Oh, man... and I was getting short. Four more weeks and out. Now I'm going to bite it on this rock. It ain't fair, man! Private Vasquez: Hudson, give us a break! Private Hudson: Four more weeks. Oh, man... Ripley: Well, we gotta get the other dropship from the Sulaco. I mean, there must be some way of bringing it down on remote. Private Hudson: How? The transmitter was on the APC. It's wasted. Ripley: Well, I don't care how but we better think of something. We better think of a way. Private Hudson: Think of what? We're *fucked*! Corporal Hicks: [shouting over Hudson] Shut up! Private Hudson: We're doomed!

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Albert? When I came to you with those calculations, we thought we might start a chain reaction that would destroy the entire world... Albert Einstein: I remember it well. What of it? J. Robert Oppenheimer: I believe we did.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Caption: Prometheus stole fire from the gods and gave it to man. For this he was chained to a rock and tortured for eternity.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Lewis Strauss: Amateurs seek the sun. Get eaten. Power stays in the shadows.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: They won't fear it until they understand it. And they won't understand it until they've used it. Theory will take you only so far.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Since when are you British? Klaus Fuchs: Since Hitler told me I wasn't German.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Leslie Groves: Are you saying that there's a chance that when we push that button... we destroy the world? J. Robert Oppenheimer: The chances are near zero... Leslie Groves: Near zero? J. Robert Oppenheimer: What do you want from theory alone? Leslie Groves: Zero would be nice!

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: I don't know if we can be trusted with such a weapon. But I know the Nazis can't.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Kitty Oppenheimer: You don't get to commit sin, and then ask all of us to feel sorry for you when there are consequences.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Albert Einstein: When they've punished you enough, they'll serve you salmon and potato salad, make speeches, give you a medal, and pat you in the back telling all is forgiven. Just remember, it won't be for you... it would be for them.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Niels Bohr: Is it big enough? J. Robert Oppenheimer: To end the war? Niels Bohr: To end all war.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Niels Bohr: Algebra's like sheet music, the important thing isn't can you read music, it's can you hear it. Can you hear the music, Robert? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Yes, I can.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Kitty Oppenheimer: You think because you let them tar and feather you that the world will forgive you? They won't.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: [From the first trailer] We imagine a future, and our imaginings horrify us.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Leslie Groves: What do we call the test? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Batter my heart, three-person'd God. Leslie Groves: What? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Trinity.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Mr. President. I feel that I have blood on my hands. Harry Truman: [tauntingly pulls out his pocket square and waves it in front of Oppenheimer] You think anyone in Hiroshima or Nagasaki gives a shit who built the bomb? They care who dropped it. I did. Hiroshima isn't about you. Harry Truman: [after Oppenheimer leaves] Don't let that crybaby back in here.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Lewis Strauss: Genius is no guarantee of wisdom. How could this man who saw so much be so blind?

§Oppenheimer ¤ Niels Bohr: [From Trailer] You are the man who gave them the power to destroy themselves. And the world is not prepared.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Isidor Rabi: You drop a bomb, and it falls on the just and the unjust. I don't wish the culmination of three centuries of physics to be a weapon of mass destruction.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Lewis Strauss: He turned the scientists against me, one by one, starting with Einstein. I told you about that. Einstein. Einstein by the pond. Senate Aide: You did, but you know, sir, since nobody... really knows what they said to each other that day, is it possible they didn't talk about you at all? Is it possible they spoke about something, uh... more important?

§Oppenheimer ¤ Edward Teller: Would the Japanese surrender if they knew what was coming?

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: [At their first meeting] Are you married? Kitty Oppenheimer: Not very much.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Kitty Oppenheimer: The world is changing. Reforming. This is your moment.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Niels Bohr: The power you are about to reveal will forever outlive the Nazis, and the world is not prepared. J. Robert Oppenheimer: You can't lift the stone without being ready for the snake that's revealed. Niels Bohr: We have to make the politicians understand, this isn't a new weapon, it is a new world.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: They need us. Luis Alvarez: Until they don't.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Is anyone ever going to tell the truth about what's happening here?

§Oppenheimer ¤ Edward Condon: Why would we move out to the middle of the desert for two to three years? Leslie Groves: Why? How about because this is the most important fucking thing to ever happen in the history of the world!

§Oppenheimer ¤ Leslie Groves: A Nobel Prize for making a bomb? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Alfred Nobel invented dynamite.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Jean Tatlock: At least you didn't bring me flowers. [Oppenheimer then reaches into his jacket, and pulls out a bunch of flowers]

§Oppenheimer ¤ Isidor Rabi: A prophet isn't allowed to be wrong. Not once.

§Oppenheimer ¤ [Repeated line] Ernest Lawrence: Theory will take you only so far.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Lewis Strauss: The man who moved the Earth.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Haakon Chevalier: Do stars die? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Well, if they do, they'd cool, then collapse. In fact, the bigger the star, the more violent its demise. Their gravity gets so concentrated, it swallows everything.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Why would they care what I do? Ernest Lawrence: Because you're not just self-important, you're actually important.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Niels Bohr: We have to make the politicians understand this isn't a new weapon. It's a new world. I'll be out there doing what I can but you, you are an American Prometheus. The man who gave them the power to destroy themselves. And they'll respect that. And your works really begins soon.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Albert Einstein: Robert, this is not mine, it's yours.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Isidor Rabi: They need us for who we are, so be yourself... only better.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Well, in one hour and fifty eight minutes, we'll know!

§Oppenheimer ¤ Kitty Oppenheimer: And I have believed this since I left the Party. Sixteen years ago- seventeen years ago, my mistake. [she pauses] Kitty Oppenheimer: Sorry, eighteen. Eighteen years ago.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: Why limit yourself to one dogma? Jean Tatlock: You're a physicist. You pick and choose rules? Or do you use the discipline to channel your energies into progress? J. Robert Oppenheimer: I like a little wiggle room. You always toe the party line? Jean Tatlock: I like my wiggle room, too.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Leslie Groves: And Robert? Try not to blow up the world.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: I know what it means if the Nazis have a Bomb!

§Oppenheimer ¤ Kitty Oppenheimer: The truly vindictive are patient as saints.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Harry Truman: I hear you're leaving Los Alamos. What should we do with it? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Give it back to the Indians.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Kitty Oppenheimer: Can you explain quantum mechanics to me? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Well, this glass, this drink, this counter top, uhh.. our bodies, all of it. It's mostly empty space. Groupings of tiny energy waves bound together. Kitty Oppenheimer: By what? J. Robert Oppenheimer: Forces of attraction strong enough to convince us matter is solid, to stop my body passing through yours. [gently places his palm against hers]

§Oppenheimer ¤ Jean Tatlock: Don't alienate the only people in the world that understand what you do. One day you may need them.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: A Pillar of Fire...

§Oppenheimer ¤ Albert Einstein: [Referring to Teller's calculations that there's a possibility that a chain reaction might not stop and subsequently destroy the Earth] Well, you'll get to the truth. J. Robert Oppenheimer: And if the truth is catastrophic? Albert Einstein: Then you stop and you share your findings with the Nazis so neither side destroys the world.

§Oppenheimer ¤ Lewis Strauss: Oppenheimer wanted to own the atomic bomb. He wanted to be the man who moved the Earth. He talks about putting the nuclear genie back in the bottle. Well I'm here to tell you that I *know* J. Robert Oppenheimer, and if he could do it all over, he'd do it all the same. You know he's never once said that he regrets Hiroshima? He'd do it all over. Why? Because it made him the most important man who ever lived.

§Oppenheimer ¤ J. Robert Oppenheimer: These things are hard on your heart.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, I speak the most Italian, so I'll be your escort. Donowitz speaks the second most, so he'll be your Italian cameraman. Omar speaks third most, so he'll be Donny's assistant. Pfc. Omar Ulmer: I don't speak Italian. Lt. Aldo Raine: Like I said, third best. Just keep your fuckin' mouth shut. In fact, why don't you start practicing, right now!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: My name is Lt. Aldo Raine and I'm putting together a special team, and I need me eight soldiers. Eight Jewish-American soldiers. Now, y'all might've heard rumors about the armada happening soon. Well, we'll be leaving a little earlier. We're gonna be dropped into France, dressed as civilians. And once we're in enemy territory, as a bushwhackin' guerrilla army, we're gonna be doin' one thing and one thing only... killin' Nazis. Now, I don't know about y'all, but I sure as hell didn't come down from the goddamn Smoky Mountains, cross five thousand miles of water, fight my way through half of Sicily and jump out of a fuckin' air-o-plane to teach the Nazis lessons in humanity. Nazi ain't got no humanity. They're the foot soldiers of a Jew-hatin', mass murderin' maniac and they need to be dee-stroyed. That's why any and every son of a bitch we find wearin' a Nazi uniform, they're gonna die. Now, I'm the direct descendant of the mountain man Jim Bridger. That means I got a little Injun in me. And our battle plan will be that of an Apache resistance. We will be cruel to the Germans, and through our cruelty they will know who we are. And they will find the evidence of our cruelty in the disemboweled, dismembered, and disfigured bodies of their brothers we leave behind us. And the German won't not be able to help themselves but to imagine the cruelty their brothers endured at our hands, and our boot heels, and the edge of our knives. And the German will be sickened by us, and the German will talk about us, and the German will fear us. And when the German closes their eyes at night and they're tortured by their subconscious for the evil they have done, it will be with thoughts of us they are tortured with. Sound good? Sgt. Donny Donowitz, Pfc. Hirschberg, Pfc. Andy Kagan, Pfc. Simon Sakowitz, Pfc. Omar Ulmer, Pfc. Smithson Utivich, Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki, Pfc. Michael Zimmerman: YES, SIR! Lt. Aldo Raine: That's what I like to hear. But I got a word of warning for all you would-be warriors. When you join my command, you take on debit. A debit you owe me personally. Each and every man under my command owes me one hundred Nazi scalps. And I want my scalps. And all y'all will git me one hundred Nazi scalps, taken from the heads of one hundred dead Nazis. Or you will die tryin'.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: You didn't say the goddamn rendezvous was in a fuckin' basement. Lt. Archie Hicox: I didn't know. Lt. Aldo Raine: You said it was in a tavern. Lt. Archie Hicox: It is a tavern. Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, in a basement. You know, fightin' in a basement offers a lot of difficulties. Number one being, you're fightin' in a basement!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: [giddy] Oooh, that's a bingo! Is that the way you say it? "That's a bingo?" Lt. Aldo Raine: You just say "bingo." Col. Hans Landa: Bingo! How fun! But, I digress. Where were we?

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: [very bad Italian accent] Arriverderci.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ [last lines] Lt. Aldo Raine: Y'know... Utivich 'n myself heard that deal you made with the brass. "End the war tonight"?... I'd make that deal. How 'bout you Utivich, you make that deal? Pfc. Smithson Utivich: [busy scalping Hermann] I'd make that deal. Lt. Aldo Raine: I don't blame ya! Damn good deal! And that purty little nest you feathered for yourself. Well, if you're willing to barbecue the whole high command, I 'spose that's worth certain considerations. But I do have one question. When you get to your little place on Nantucket Island, I 'magine you're gonna take off that handsome-lookin' S.S. uniform of yours, ain'tcha?... That's what I thought. Now that I can't abide. How 'bout you Utivich, can you abide it? Pfc. Smithson Utivich: [finishes scalping Hermann] Not one damn bit, sir. Lt. Aldo Raine: I mean, if I had my way... you'd wear that goddamn uniform for the rest of your pecker-suckin' life. But I'm aware that ain't practical, I mean at some point you're gonna hafta take it off. So. I'm 'onna give you a little somethin' you can't take off. [cut to Landa screaming and crying as Raine carves a swastika into his forehead] Lt. Aldo Raine: [smirks widely] You know somethin', Utivich? I think this just might be my masterpiece! [Raine and Utvich grin sardonically as the credits roll]

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: [Drawing a map] Up the road apiece, there's an orchard. Now, besides you, we know there's another kraut patrol fuckin' around there somewhere. Now if that patrol were to have any crackshots, that orchard would be a goddamn sniper's delight. Now, if you ever want to eat a sauerkraut sandwich again, you gotta show me on this here map where they are, you gotta tell me how many there are, and you gotta tell me what kinda artillery they're carrying with 'em. Sgt. Werner Rachtman: You can't expect me to divulge information that would put German lives in danger. Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, now Werner, that's where you're wrong, because that's exactly what I expect. I need to know about Germans hiding in them trees, and you need to tell me, and you need to tell me right now. Now, just take that finger of yours and point out on this here map where this party's being held, how many's coming, and what they brought to play with. Sgt. Werner Rachtman: [puts his hand over his heart] I respectfully refuse, sir. Lt. Aldo Raine: [a smack is heard offscreen] Hear that? Sgt. Werner Rachtman: Yes. Lt. Aldo Raine: That's Sgt. Donny Donowitz. You might know him better by his nickname: "The Bear Jew". Now, if you heard of Aldo the Apache, you gotta have heard of the Bear Jew. Sgt. Werner Rachtman: I've heard of the Bear Jew. Lt. Aldo Raine: What d'you hear? Sgt. Werner Rachtman: He beats German soldiers with a club. Lt. Aldo Raine: He bashes their brains in with a baseball bat is what he does. Now, Werner, I'm gonna ask you one last goddamn time, if you still respectfully refuse, I'm callin' the Bear Jew over. He's gonna take that big bat of his, and he's gonna beat your ass to death with it. Now, take your wiener schnitzel lickin' finger and point out on this map what I want to know. Sgt. Werner Rachtman: [after brief pause] Fuck you... and your Jew dogs! [the Basterds all laugh] Lt. Aldo Raine: Actually, Werner, we're all tickled to here you say that. Quite frankly, watchin' Donny beat Nazis to death is the closest we ever get to goin' to the movies. Donny! Sgt. Donny Donowitz: [from offscreen] Yeah? Lt. Aldo Raine: We got a German here who wants to die for his country! Oblige him!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Major Dieter Hellstrom: [in German] I must say, I grow weary of these monkeyshines. [Maj. Hellstrom cocks his Walther pistol and aims it at Lt. Hicox under the table] Major Dieter Hellstrom: Did you hear that? That was the sound of my Walther. Pointed right at your testicles. Lt. Archie Hicox: Why do you have your Walther pointed at my testicles? Major Dieter Hellstrom: Because you've just given yourself away, Captain. You're no more German than that scotch. Lt. Archie Hicox: Well, Major... Bridget von Hammersmark: Major... Major Dieter Hellstrom: Shut up, slut! You were saying? Lt. Archie Hicox: I was saying that that makes two of us. I've had a gun pointed at your balls since you sat down. [Stiglitz takes Hellstrom by the shoulder and aggressively forces a gun against his crotch] Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz: That makes three of us. And at this range, I'm a real Frederick Zoller. Major Dieter Hellstrom: Looks like we have a bit of a sticky situation here. Lt. Archie Hicox: What's going to happen, Major... you're going to stand up and walk out that door with us. Major Dieter Hellstrom: No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't think so. I'm afraid you and I... we both know, Captain... no matter what happens to anybody else in this room... the two of us aren't going anywhere. Too bad about Sergeant Wilhelm and his famous friends. If any of you expect to live, you'll have to shoot them too. Looks like little Max will grow up an orphan. How sad. Lt. Archie Hicox: [In English] Well, if this is it, old boy, I hope you don't mind if I go out speaking the King's. Major Dieter Hellstrom: [In English] By all means, Captain. Lt. Archie Hicox: [picks up his glass of scotch] There's a special rung in hell reserved for people who waste good scotch. Seeing as how I may be rapping on the door momentarily... [drinks his scotch] Lt. Archie Hicox: I must say, damn good stuff, Sir. [sets his glass down and smokes his cigarette] Lt. Archie Hicox: Now, about this pickle... we find ourselves in. It would appear there's only one thing left for you to do. Major Dieter Hellstrom: And what would that be? Lt. Archie Hicox: Stiglitz... Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz: Say "Auf Wiedersehen" to your Nazi balls! [Stiglitz fires his gun into Hellstrom's crotch]

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: You probably heard we ain't in the prisoner-takin' business; we in the killin' Nazi business. And cousin, business is a-boomin'.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Bridget von Hammersmark: I know this is a silly question before I ask it, but can you Americans speak any other language besides English?

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: AU REVOIR, SHOSANNA!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: The feature that makes me such an effective hunter of the Jews is, as opposed to most German soldiers, I can think like a Jew, where they can only think like a German... more precisely, German soldier. Now, if one were to determine what attribute the German people share with a beast, it would be the cunning and the predatory instinct of a hawk. But if one were to determine what attributes the Jews share with a beast, it would be that of the rat. The Führer and Goebbels's propaganda have said pretty much the same thing, but where our conclusions differ is I don't consider the comparison an insult. Consider, for a moment, the world a rat lives in. It's a hostile world, indeed. If a rat were to scamper through your front door right now, would you greet it with hostility? Perrier LaPadite: I suppose I would. Col. Hans Landa: Has a rat ever done anything to you to create this animosity you feel towards them? Perrier LaPadite: Rats spread diseases. They bite people. Col. Hans Landa: Rats were the cause of the bubonic plague, but that's some time ago. I propose to you, any disease a rat could spread, a squirrel could equally carry. Would you agree? Perrier LaPadite: Oui. Col. Hans Landa: Yet I assume you don't share the same animosity with squirrels that you do with rats, do you? Perrier LaPadite: No. Col. Hans Landa: But they're both rodents, are they not? And except for the tail, they even rather look alike, don't they? Perrier LaPadite: It's an interesting thought, Herr Colonel. Col. Hans Landa: Ha! However interesting as the thought may be, it makes not one bit of difference to how you feel. If a rat were to walk in here right now, as I'm talking, would you greet it with a saucer of your delicious milk? Perrier LaPadite: Probably not. Col. Hans Landa: I didn't think so. You don't like them. You don't really know why you don't like them; all you know is you find them repulsive. Consequently, a German soldier conducts a search of a house suspected of hiding Jews. Where does the hawk look? He looks in the barn, he looks in the attic, he looks in the cellar, he looks everywhere he would hide. But there's so many places it would never occur to a hawk to hide. However, the reason the Führer has brought me off my Alps in Austria and placed me in French cow country today is because it does occur to me. Because I'm aware what tremendous feats human beings are capable of once they abandon dignity.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: [in German] So who are your three handsome escorts? Bridget von Hammersmark: [in German] I'm afraid neither three speak a word of German. They're friends of mine from Italy. This is the wonderful Italian stuntman, Enzo Gorlomi; a very talented cameraman, Antonio Margheriti; and Antonio's camera assistant, Dominick Decocco. Bridget von Hammersmark: [in Italian] Gentlemen, this is an old friend, Colonel Hans Landa of the SS. Lt. Aldo Raine: [in Italian with obvious southern accent] Buongiorno. Col. Hans Landa: [in flawless Italian] Gentlemen, it's a pleasure; the friends of our cherished star, admired by all of us, this outright jewel of our culture, are naturally going to be under my personal protection for the duration of their stay. Lt. Aldo Raine: [after a pause] Grazie. Col. Hans Landa: [in Italian] Gorlomi? Am I pronouncing it correctly? Lt. Aldo Raine: [in a very bad accent] Sì... er, corretto. Col. Hans Landa: [in Italian] Gorla... lomi? Say it for me once please? Lt. Aldo Raine: [mispronouncing the name] Gorlami. Col. Hans Landa: [in Italian, faking confusion] I'm sorry, again? Lt. Aldo Raine: [slightly annoyed] Gorlami. Col. Hans Landa: [in Italian] Once more? Lt. Aldo Raine: [obviously annoyed, leans forward and whispers] Gorlami.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: [Aldo shoots Hans' driver Hermann, and gives Utivich a knife] Scalp Hermann. Col. Hans Landa: Are you mad? What have you done? I made a deal with your general for that man's life! Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, they made that deal, but they don't give a fuck about him. They need you. Col. Hans Landa: You'll be shot for this! Lt. Aldo Raine: Nah, I don't think so. More like chewed out. I've been chewed out before.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ [repeated line] Lt. Aldo Raine: I'm gonna give you a little somethin' you can't take off.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: [to Aldo] So you're "Aldo the Apache". Lt. Aldo Raine: So you're "the Jew Hunter". Col. Hans Landa: A detective. A damn good dectective. Finding people is my specialty so naturally I work for the Nazis finding people, and yes some of them were Jews. But "Jew Hunter"? Col. Hans Landa: [reacts in disgust] It's just a name that stuck. Pfc. Smithson Utivich: Well, you do have to admit, it is catchy. Col. Hans Landa: Do you control the nicknames your enemies bestow on you? "Aldo the Apache" and "the Little Man"? Pfc. Smithson Utivich: [confused] What do you mean "the Little Man"? Col. Hans Landa: Germans' nickname for you. Pfc. Smithson Utivich: The Germans' nickname for me is "the Little Man"? Col. Hans Landa: And as if to make my point, I'm a little surprised how tall you were in real life. I mean, you're a little fellow, but not circus-midget little, as your reputation would suggest.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: [to Perrier LaPardite] I love rumors! Facts can be so misleading, where rumors, true or false, are often revealing.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: Tell me, Aldo, if I were sitting where you're sitting, would you show me mercy? Lt. Aldo Raine: [after a long pause] [smiles] Lt. Aldo Raine: Nope! Col. Hans Landa: What's that English saying about shoes and feet? Lt. Aldo Raine: "Looks like the shoe's on the other foot." Yeah, I was just thinking that.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Sgt. Donny Donowitz: [Aldo is carving a swastika into Private Butz's forehead] You know, Lieutenant, you're getting pretty good at that. Lt. Aldo Raine: You know how you get to Carnegie Hall, don't ya? Practice.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Teddy fuckin' Williams knocks it out of the park! Fenway Park on its feet for Teddy fuckin' Ballgame! He went yardo on that one, out to fuckin' Lansdowne Street!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ [Raine is interrogating Rachtman and poitning out all of his men] Lt. Aldo Raine: And another one over there, you might be familiar with: Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz. Heard of 'em? Sgt. Werner Rachtman: Everybody in the German army's heard of Hugo Stiglitz. [Some of the Basterds laugh, and the camera focuses on Stiglitz; the scene freezes and the words "Hugo Stiglitz" appear on the screen] Narrator: [voice-over] The reason for Hugo Stiglitz's celebrity among German soldiers is simple. As a German enlisted man, he killed thirteen Gestapo officers. [Stiglitz is seen strangling one officer with a cord; stabbing another multiple times in the head through a pillow; and asphyxiating one with his bare hands] Narrator: [voice-over] Instead of putting him up against a wall, the High Command decided to send him back to Berlin, to be made an example of. [cuts to Stiglitz locked in a cell] Narrator: Needless to say, once the Basterds heard of him, he never got there. [One of Raine's men slits a guard's throat; the other Basterds quickly open fire and kill the other guards, then Raine approaches Stiglitz's cell] Lt. Aldo Raine: Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz? [Stiglitz nods] Lt. Aldo Raine: Lt. Aldo Raine. These are the Basterds, ever heard of us? [Stiglitz nods again] Lt. Aldo Raine: We just wanted to say we're a big fan of your work. When it comes to killing Nazis... [one of the guards stirs and groans, and is promptly shot dead on the spot] Lt. Aldo Raine: ... I think you show great talent. And I pride myself on having an eye for that kind of talent. But your status as a Nazi killer is still amateur. We all come here to see if you wanna go pro.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Bridget von Hammersmark: There have been two recent developments regarding Operation Kino. One, the venue has been changed from the Ritz to a much smaller venue. Lt. Aldo Raine: Enormous changes at the last minute? That's not very Germatic. Why the hell is Goebbels doin' stuff so damn peculiar? Bridget von Hammersmark: It probably has something to do with the second development. Lt. Aldo Raine: Which is? Bridget von Hammersmark: [sits up] The Führer is attending the premiere. Adolf Hitler: [cut to Hitler] I've been rethinking my position in regards to your Paris premiere of "Nation's Pride". As the weeks have gone on and the Americans are on the beach, I do find myself thinking more and more about this Private Zoller. This boy has done something tremendous for us. And I'm beginning to think my participation in this event could be meaningful. Sgt. Donny Donowitz: [cut back to the Basterds] Fuck a duck!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Fredrick Zoller: [shouting to the camera, acting in Nation's Pride] Who wants to send a message to Germany? [Nation's Pride is interrupted by Shosanna's movie] Shosanna Dreyfus: I have a message for Germany. [Hitler and Goebbels watch in shock] Shosanna Dreyfus: [her image on the screen smirks] That you are all going to die. Adolf Hitler: [yelling in German] Enough! Stop it! Joseph Goebbels: [yelling in German] Turn off the projector! Shosanna Dreyfus: And I want you to look deep into the face of the Jew that is going to do it! Joseph Goebbels: [in German as the audience begins to shout in protest and anger] I don't know what's going on! That does not belong in my movie! Shosanna Dreyfus: [her image on the screen smiles] Marcel... burn it down. Marcel: [standing behind the screen, he smiles] Oui, Shosanna.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Bridget von Hammersmark: I can see since you didn't see what happened inside, the Nazis being there must look odd. Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, we got a word for that kinda odd in English. It's called suspicious.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: [to a bound and blindfolded Lt. Aldo] You've had a nice long run, Aldo. Alas, you're now in the hands of the SS. [raises hands in a dramatic manner] Col. Hans Landa: My hands, to be exact. And they've been waiting a long time to touch you. [fingers reach out and poke Lt. Aldo in the face; Lt. Aldo flinches] Col. Hans Landa: [chuckling] Caught you flinching. [Lt. Aldo headbutts Col. Landa]

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: As of this moment, both Omar and Donowitz should be sitting in their very seats we left for them, 0023 and 0024 if my memory serves, explosives still around their ankles, still ready to explode and your mission, what some would call a terrorist plot, as of this moment is still a go. Lt. Aldo Raine: That's a pretty exciting story. What's next? "Eliza On The Ice"? Col. Hans Landa: However... all I have to do is pick up this phone right here, inform the cinema, and your plan's kaputt. Lt. Aldo Raine: If they're still there, and if they're still alive, and that's one big if, there ain't no way you gonna take them boys without settin' off them bombs. Col. Hans Landa: I have no doubt. And yes, some Germans will die, and yes, it will ruin the evening, and yes, Goebbels will be very, very, very mad at you for what you've done to his big night... but you won't get Hitler, you won't get Goebbels, you won't get Göring, and you won't get Bormann. And you need all four to win the war. But if I don't pick up this phone right here, you may very well get all four... and if you get all four, you'll end the war... tonight. [he opens a bottle of Chianti] Col. Hans Landa: So, gentlemen, let's discuss the prospect of ending the war tonight.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Lt. Aldo Raine: You know, where I'm from... Col. Hans Landa: Yeah, where is that, exactly? Lt. Aldo Raine: Maynardville, Tennessee. [pause] Lt. Aldo Raine: I've done my share of bootlegging. Up 'ere, if you engage in what the federal government calls 'illegal activity,' but what we call 'just a man tryin' to make a livin' for his family sellin' moonshine liquor,' it behooves oneself to keep his wits. Long story short, we hear a story too good to be true... it ain't. Col. Hans Landa: Sitting in your chair, I would probably say the same thing. And 999 point 999 times out of a million, you would be correct. But in the pages of history, every once in a while, fate reaches out and extends its hand. [Landa slowly sweeps his arms out in a grand shrug] Col. Hans Landa: What shall the history books read?

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: Wait for the crème.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Marcel: [in French; subtitled] What the fuck are we supposed to do? Shosanna Dreyfus: [in French] It looks like we're supposed to have a Nazi premiere. Marcel: Like I said, what the fuck are we supposed to do?

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Kliest: [in German; subtitled] Mein Führer, do you still wish to see Private Butz? Adolf Hitler: [in German] Who and what is a "Private Butz"?

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Shosanna Dreyfus: My name is Shosanna Dreyfus and THIS is the face... of Jewish vengeance!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: I did have something else I wanted to ask you, but right now, for the life of me, I can't remember what it is. Oh, well, must not have been important. Till tonight. [He leaves. Shosanna lets out an emotional sigh of relief and starts crying]

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: [Landa and Bridget sit alone in Shosanna's office; in German] Let me see your foot. Bridget von Hammersmark: [in German] I beg your pardon? Col. Hans Landa: [he pats his lap] Put your foot in my lap. Bridget von Hammersmark: Hans, you embarrass me. [Landa intolerantly points at his lap. Bridget gives in and places her foot in Landa's lap. Landa gently removes her shoe] Col. Hans Landa: Could you please reach into the right pocket of my coat and give me what you find in there? [Bridget slowly reaches into Landa's pocket. Her hand closes around what's inside and she glances at Landa with a look of sudden terror] Col. Hans Landa: [he simply smiles at Bridget and nods] [Bridget slowly pulls out the shoe she lost in the tavern firefight from Landa's coat pocket] Col. Hans Landa: May I? [Bridget hands over the shoe, and Landa slips it neatly onto her foot, showing it fits perfectly] Col. Hans Landa: Voila. Col. Hans Landa: [In English] What's that American expression? "If the shoe fits, you must wear it." Bridget von Hammersmark: [chuckles lightly and nervously] What now, Colonel? [Landa aggressively grabs Bridget by the throat, throws her off the chair and violently strangles her to death]

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Master SGT. Wilhelm: [yelling while aiming his gun at the front entrance of the basement-tavern] Who are you? BRITISH, AMERICAN? WHAT? Lt. Aldo Raine: [shouting from up the stairs] We're American! What're you? Master SGT. Wilhelm: I'M A GERMAN, YOU IDIOT! Lt. Aldo Raine: [calmly] You speak English pretty good for a German. Master SGT. Wilhelm: I agree!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Joseph Goebbels: [in German; subtitled] How many seats in your auditorium? Francesca Mondino: [translates into French] Shosanna Dreyfus: [in French; subtitled] Three hundred and fifty. Francesca Mondino: [translates into German] Joseph Goebbels: That's almost four hundred less than the Ritz. Fredrick Zoller: [in German] But Herr Goebbels, that's not such a bad thing. You said yourself you didn't want to indulge every two-faced French bourgeois taking up space currying favor. With less seats it makes the event more exclusive. You're not trying to fill the house, they're fighting for seats. Besides, to hell with the French. This is a German night, a German event, a German celebration. This night is for you, me, the German military, the High Command, their family and friends. The only people who should be allowed in the room are the people who will be moved by the exploits on the screen. Joseph Goebbels: [after a pause] I see your public speaking has improved.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Shosanna Dreyfus: [in French; subtitled] I am going to burn down the cinema on Nazi night. And if I'm going to burn down the cinema, which I am, we both know you're not going to let me do it by myself. Because you love me. And I love you. And you're the only person on this earth I can trust. But that's not all we're going to do. Does the filmmaking equipment in the attic still work? I know the film camera does. How about the sound recorder? Marcel: [in French] Quite well, actually. I recorded a new guitarist I met in a cafe last week. It works superb. Why do we need filmmaking equipment? Shosanna Dreyfus: Because, Marcel, my sweet, we're going to make a film. Just for the Nazis.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Adolf Hitler: [in German, with subtitles] How did you survive this ordeal? Pvt. Butz: They let me go. Lt. Aldo Raine: [cut back to the ditch] Now, when you report what happened here, you can't tell 'em you told us what you told us. They'll shoot ya. But they're gonna wanna know why you so special, we let you live? So, tell 'em we let you live so you could spread the word through the ranks what's gonna happen to every Nazi we find. Adolf Hitler: [cut back to Hitler's office] You are not to tell anybody anything! Not one word of detail! Your outfit was ambushed and you got away! Not one word more! Pvt. Butz: Yes, mein fuhrer. Adolf Hitler: Did they mark you like they did they did the other survivors? Pvt. Butz: Yes, mein fuhrer. Lt. Aldo Raine: [cut back to the ditch] Now, say we let you go, and say you survive the war. When you get back home, whatcha gonna do? [Wicki translates to German] Pvt. Butz: [in German] I will hug my mother like I've never hugged her before. Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: [to Aldo] Says he's gonna hug his momma. Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, ain't that a real nice boy? Are you going to take off your uniform? [Wicki translates] Pvt. Butz: Not only shall I remove it, I intend to burn it. Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Says he's gonna burn it. Lt. Aldo Raine: Yeah, that's what we thought. We don't like that. You see, we like our Nazis in uniform. That way we can spot 'em just like that. But you take off that uniform, ain't no one ever gonna know you were a Nazi. And that don't sit well with us. So, I'm gonna give you a little something you can't take off. [cut back to Hitler's office. He moves closer to Butz as Butz removes his cap to show a large swastika-shaped scar on his forehead]

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Speaking of Frau von Hammersmark, whose idea was it for the death trap rendezvous? Lt. Archie Hicox: She chose the spot. Sgt. Donny Donowitz: Well, isn't that just dandy! Lt. Archie Hicox: Look, she's not a military strategist. She's just an actress. Lt. Aldo Raine: Well, you don't got to be Stonewall Jackson to know you don't want to fight in a basement!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ [Marcel is beating up a sound technician] Shosanna Dreyfus: [brandishing an ax] Bring that fucker over here!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: Monsieur LaPadite, are you aware of the nickname the people of France have given me? Perrier LaPadite: I have no interest in such things. Col. Hans Landa: But you're aware of what they call me? Perrier LaPadite: I'm aware. Col. Hans Landa: What are you aware of? Perrier LaPadite: That they call you "The Jew Hunter". Col. Hans Landa: Precisely! I understand your trepidation in repeating it. Heydrich apparently hates the moniker the good people of Prague have bestowed on him. Actually, why he would hate the name "hangman" is baffling to me. It would appear he has done everything in his power to earn it. I, on the other hand, love my unofficial title, precisely BECAUSE I've earned it.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: May I smoke my pipe as well? Perrier LaPadite: Please, Colonel, make yourself at home. [Hans pulls out a very large pipe five times the size of Perrier's]

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Major Dieter Hellstrom: [in German] Might I inquire... Like our young newly christened father here... I, too, have an acute ear for accents. And like him, I, too, find yours odd. From where do you hail, Captain? Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Major, this is highly... Major Dieter Hellstrom: [cutting him off] - I wasn't speaking to you, Lieutenant Munich. Or you either, Lieutenant Frankfurt. I was speaking to Captain I-don't-know-what.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Sgt. Donny Donowitz: [points to Iron Cross medal with his bat] You get that for killin' Jews? Sgt. Werner Rachtman: [as-a-matter-of-factly] Bravery...

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Adolf Hitler: [in German] NEIN, NEIN, NEIN, NEIN, NEIN, NEIN! [turns to his men] Adolf Hitler: How much more of these Jew swine must I endure? They butcher my men like they were fish bait! I have heard the rumors myself! Soldiers of the Third Reich, who have brought the world to its knees, now pecking and clucking like chickens. Do you know the latest rumor they've conjured up in their fear-induced delirium? The one that beats my boys with a bat. The one they call "the Bear Jew" is a golem! General Frank: [in German] Mein Führer, that is just soldier's gossip. No one really believes that the Bear Jew is a golem. Adolf Hitler: Why not? They seem to elude capture like an apparition! They seem to be able to appear and disappear at will. You want to prove they're flesh and blood? [pounds on table] Adolf Hitler: THEN BRING THEM TO ME! I will hang them naked, by their heels from the Eiffel Tower! And then throw their bodies into the sewers for the rats of Paris to feast on!

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Marcel: [in French; subtitled] What are we talking about? Shosanna Dreyfus: [in French] Filling the cinema with Nazis and burning it to the ground. Marcel: I'm not talking about that. You're talking about that.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Adolf Hitler: [at the premiere of "Nation's Pride"] Extraordinary, my dear. Simply extraordinary. This is your finest film yet. Joseph Goebbels: [Goebbels' eyes fill with tears] Thank you, mein Führer. Thank you.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Bridget von Hammersmark: I can vouch for everything the young captain has just said. He *does* hail from the bottom of Piz Palu. He *was* in the film, and his brother *is* far more handsome than he.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: What a tremendously hostile world that a rat must endure. Yet not only does he survive, he thrives. Because our little foe has an instinct for survival and preservation second to none... And that, Monsieur, is what a Jew shares with a rat.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ Col. Hans Landa: Gentlemen, I have no intention of killing Hitler and killing Goebbels and killing Göring and killing Bormann, not to mention winning the war single-handedly for the Allies, only later to find myself standing before a Jewish tribunal. If you want to win the war, tonight; [Landa lightly chops his hands down against the table] Col. Hans Landa: ...we have to make a deal. Lt. Aldo Raine: What kind of deal? Col. Hans Landa: The kind you wouldn't have the authority to make. However, I'm sure this mission of yours has a commanding officer. A general. I'm betting for... OSS would be my guess.

§Inglourious Basterds ¤ [Hellstrom is trying to guess the famous person on his forehead, which is King Kong] Major Dieter Hellstrom: [in German; subtitled] I'll start, give you the idea. Am I German? Bridget von Hammersmark, Lt. Archie Hicox: [in German] No. Major Dieter Hellstrom: Am I American? Bridget von Hammersmark, Lt. Archie Hicox: No. Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Wait a minute, he goes to... Bridget von Hammersmark: Obviously, he wasn't born in America. Major Dieter Hellstrom: So, I visited America, aye? Bridget von Hammersmark, Lt. Archie Hicox: Yes. Major Dieter Hellstrom: Was this visit fortuitous? Cpl. Wilhelm Wicki: Not for you.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Jim Gordon: I never cared who you were... Batman: And you were right. Jim Gordon: ...but shouldn't the people know the hero whot saved them? Batman: A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended. [takes off in the Bat] Jim Gordon: Bruce Wayne?

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Alfred: I'll get this to Mr. Fox, but no more. I've sewn you up, I've set your bones, but I won't bury you. I've buried enough members of the Wayne family. Bruce Wayne: You'll leave me? Alfred: You see only one end to your journey. Leaving is all I have to make you understand, you're not Batman anymore. You have to find another way. You used to talk about finishing a life beyond that awful cape. Bruce Wayne: Rachel died believing that we would be together; that was my life beyond the cape. I can't just move on. She didn't, she couldn't. Alfred: What if she had? What if, before she died, she wrote a letter saying she chose Harvey Dent over you? And what if, to spare your pain, I burnt that letter? Bruce Wayne: How dare you use Rachel to try to stop me? Alfred: I am using the truth, Master Wayne. Maybe it's time we all stop trying to outsmart the truth and let it have its day. I'm sorry. Bruce Wayne: You're sorry? You expect to destroy my world and then think we're going to shake hands? Alfred: No... no, I know what this means. Bruce Wayne: What does it mean? Alfred: It means your hatred... and it also means losing someone that I have cared for since I first heard his cries echo through this house. But it might also mean saving your life. And that is more important. Bruce Wayne: Goodbye, Alfred.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bruce Wayne: Why didn't you just... kill me? Bane: You don't fear death... You welcome it. Your punishment must be more severe. Bruce Wayne: Torture? Bane: Yes. But not of your body... Of your soul. Bruce Wayne: Where am I? Bane: Home, where I learned the truth about despair, as will you. There's a reason why this prison is the worst hell on earth... Hope. Every man who has ventured here over the centuries has looked up to the light and imagined climbing to freedom. So easy... So simple... And like shipwrecked men turning to sea water from uncontrollable thirst, many have died trying. I learned here that there can be no true despair without hope. So, as I terrorize Gotham, I will feed its people hope to poison their souls. I will let them believe they can survive so that you can watch them clamoring over each other to "stay in the sun." You can watch me torture an entire city and when you have truly understood the depth of your failure, we will fulfill Ra's al Ghul's destiny... We will destroy Gotham and then, when it is done and Gotham is ashes, then you have my permission to die

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: [to Batman] Peace has cost you your strength! Victory has defeated you!

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Blind Prisoner: You do not fear death. You think this makes you strong. It makes you weak. Bruce Wayne: Why? Blind Prisoner: How can you move faster than possible, fight longer than possible without the most powerful impulse of the spirit: the fear of death. Bruce Wayne: I do fear death. I fear dying in here, while my city burns, and there's no one there to save it. Blind Prisoner: Then make the climb. Bruce Wayne: How? Blind Prisoner: As the child did. Without the rope. Then fear will find you again.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Jim Gordon: [reading from the book "A Tale of Two Cities" by Charles Dickens] I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rising from this abyss. I see the lives for which I lay down my life, peaceful, useful, prosperous and happy. I see that I hold a sanctuary in their hearts, and in the hearts of their descendants, generations hence. It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to, than I have ever known.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: Theatricality and deception are powerful agents to the uninitiated... but we are initiated, aren't we Bruce? Members of the League of Shadows! [Lifts Batman by the neck] Bane: And you betrayed us! Batman: You were excommunicated... by a gang of psychopaths! [Bane viciously beats Batman and throws him to the ground] Bane: I AM the League of Shadows, and I'm here to fulfill Ra's al Ghul's destiny! Bane: You fight like a younger man, with nothing held back. Admirable but mistaken. [Batman uses an EMP device to cut the lights] Bane: Oh, you think darkness is your ally. But you merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, moulded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but BLINDING! [grabs Batman from the shadows and continues to beat him] Bane: The shadows betray you, because they belong to me! [repeatedly punches Batman in the face, breaking his cowl] Bane: I will show you where I have made my home while preparing to bring justice. Then I will break you. [hits detonator, blowing a hole into the bottom of Wayne Enterprise] Bane: Your precious armory, gratefully accepted! We will need it. [Batman desperately stands and swings at Bane] Bane: Ah, yes... I was wondering what would break first... [lifts Batman high] Bane: Your spirit, or your body? [slams him on his knee]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Alfred: [to Bruce] Remember when you left Gotham? Before all this, before Batman? You were gone seven years. Seven years I waited, hoping that you wouldn't come back. Every year, I took a holiday. I went to Florence, there's this cafe, on the banks of the Arno. Every fine evening, I'd sit there and order a Fernet Branca. I had this fantasy, that I would look across the tables and I'd see you there, with a wife and maybe a couple of kids. You wouldn't say anything to me, nor me to you. But we'd both know that you'd made it, that you were happy. I never wanted you to come back to Gotham. I always knew there was nothing here for you, except pain and tragedy. And I wanted something more for you than that. I still do.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ CIA Agent: [to three prisoners] The flight plan I just filed with the agency lists me, my men, Dr. Pavel here but only one of you! First one to talk gets to stay on my aircraft! [grabs a hood] CIA Agent: Who paid you to grab Dr. Pavel? [No answer, the agent fires his gun away from the prisoner's head] CIA Agent: He didn't fly so good! [pulls the hood back into the plane] CIA Agent: Who wants to try next? [grabs another prisoner] CIA Agent: Tell me about Bane! Why does he wear the mask? A lot of loyalty, for a hired gun! Bane: Or perhaps he's wondering why someone would shoot a man, before throwing him out of a plane? CIA Agent: At least you can talk. Who are you? Bane: It doesn't matter who we are, what matters is our plan. [the Agent removes the hood] Bane: No one cared who I was until I put on the mask. CIA Agent: If I pull that off, would you die? Bane: It would be extremely painful. CIA Agent: You're a big guy! Bane: For you. CIA Agent: Was getting caught part of your plan? Bane: Of course... Dr. Pavel refused our offer in favor of yours, we had to find out what he told you. Dr. Pavel: Nothing! I said nothing! CIA Agent: Well, congratulations! You got yourself caught! Now what's the next step in your master plan? Bane: Crashing this plane... with no survivors!

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ [Bane wrecks the CIA plane and grabs Dr Pavel] Bane: Calm down, Doctor! Now's not the time for fear. That comes later.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Catwoman: My mother warned me about getting into cars with strange men. Batman: This isn't a car.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ [In the pit] Crowd: [chanting] Deshi basara! Deshi basara! Bruce Wayne: What does that mean? Prisoner: Rise.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Selina Kyle: There's a storm coming, Mr. Wayne. You and your friends better batten down the hatches, because when it hits, you're all gonna wonder how you ever thought you could live so large and leave so little for the rest of us. Bruce Wayne: You sound like you're looking forward to it. Selina Kyle: I'm adaptable.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bruce Wayne: Must've lost my ticket. Valet Attendant: Your wife said you were taking a cab home. Bruce Wayne: My wife?

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: Speak of the devil and he shall appear.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Alfred: [at Bruce's grave] I'm so sorry. I failed you. You trusted me, and I failed you.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ John Blake: Not a lot of people know what it feels like to be angry, in your bones. I mean, they understand, foster parents, everybody understands, for awhile. Then they want the angry little kid to do something he knows he can't do, move on. So after awhile they stop understanding. They send the angry kid to a boys home. I figured it out too late. You gotta learn to hide the anger, practice smiling in the mirror. It's like putting on a mask.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bruce Wayne: I watched you die. Ra's al Ghul: I told you I was immortal.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Catwoman: I blow that tunnel open, I'm gone. Batman: There's more to you than that. Catwoman: Sorry I keep letting you down. [pause] Catwoman: Come with me. Save yourself. You don't owe these people any more. You've given them everything. Batman: Not everything. Not yet.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: We take Gotham from the corrupt! The rich! The oppressors of generations who have kept you down with myths of opportunity, and we give it back to you... the people. Gotham is yours. None shall interfere. Do as you please. Start by storming Blackgate, and freeing the oppressed! Step forward those who would serve. For and army will be raised. The powerful will be ripped from their decadent nests, and cast out into the cold world that we know and endure. Courts will be convened. Spoils will be enjoyed. Blood will be shed. The police will survive, as they learn to serve true justice. This great city... it will endure. Gotham will survive!

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Batman: Tell me where the trigger is. Then... you have my permission to die!

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: [addressing media reporters outside the prison] Behind you is a symbol of oppression. Blackgate Prison, where a thousand men have languished under the name of this man, [holds up a picture of Harvey Dent] Bane: Harvey Dent, who has been held up to you as the shining example of justice! John Blake: [to Gordon, at Blake's apartment] Commissioner, we need to keep you moving until we can get you in front of a camera. Bane: You have been supplied with a false idol to stop you from tearing down this CORRUPT CITY! Let me tell you the truth about Harvey Dent from the words of Gotham's police commissioner, James Gordon. [holds up Gordon's speech papers and begins to read] Bane: "The Batman didn't murder Harvey Dent, he saved my boy then took the blame for Harvey's appalling crimes so that I could, to my shame, build a lie around this fallen idol. I praised the mad man who tried to murder my own child but I can no longer live with my lie. It is time to trust the people of Gotham with the truth and it is time for me to resign." [calls to prisoners] Bane: And do you accept this man's resignation? Do you accept the resignation of all these liars? Of all the CORRUPT? [prisoners roar with approval] John Blake: Those men locked up for eight years in Blackgate, and denied parole under the Dent Act, based on a lie? Jim Gordon: Gotham needed a hero... John Blake: It needs it now more than ever. You betrayed everything you stood for. Jim Gordon: There's a point, far out there when the structures fail you, and the rules aren't weapons anymore, they're... shackles letting the bad guy get ahead. One day... you may face such a moment of crisis. And in that moment, I hope you have a friend like I did, to plunge their hands into the filth so that you can keep yours clean! John Blake: [disgusted] Your hands look plenty filthy to me, Commissioner.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ John Blake: Bane? What do you know about him? Selina Kyle: That you should be as afraid of him as I am.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ John Daggett: What. The hell. Is going on? Bane: Our plan is proceeding as expected. John Daggett: Oh really? Do *I* look like I'm running Wayne Enterprises right now? Your hit, on the stock exchange, it didn't work, my friend! And now you have my construction crews going around the city at 24 hours a day! How exactly is that supposed to help my company absorb Wayne's? Bane: [to Stryver] Leave us! John Daggett: No! You stay here, I'm in charge! Bane: [puts his hand on Daggett's shoulder] Do you *feel* in charge? [Stryver leaves] John Daggett: I paid you a small fortune. Bane: And this gives you *power* over me? John Daggett: What is this? Bane: Your money and infrastructure have been important... 'til now! John Daggett: What are you? Bane: I'm Gotham's reckoning. Here to end the borrowed time you've all been living on! John Daggett: You're pure evil! Bane: I'm *necessary* evil! [breaks Daggett's neck; Stryver flinches]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: [Listening to the national anthem before the Gotham football game] What a lovely, lovely voice. [Song ends and football game begins] Bane: Let the games begin! [hits detonator and bombs go off across Gotham]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: We both know that I now have to kill you. You'll just have to imagine the fire!

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Catwoman: I had no choice. I needed a way to keep them from killing me. Batman: You just made a serious mistake. Bane: Not as serious as yours, I fear... Batman: Bane Bane: Let us not stand on ceremony, Mr. Wayne. [Catwoman appears shocked]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Doctor: I've seen worse cartilage in knees. Bruce Wayne: That's good. Doctor: No, that's because there is NO cartilage in your knee, and not much of any use in your elbows or your shoulders. Between that and the scar tissue on your kidneys, the residual concussive damage to your brain tissue, and the general scarred-over quality of your body, I cannot recommend that you go heliskiing, Mr. Wayne Bruce Wayne: Right.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ John Blake: You made some mistakes, Miss Kyle. Selina Kyle: A girl's gotta eat. John Blake: Well, you got quite an appetite.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Alfred: [about Selina Kyle] You two should exchange notes over coffee. Bruce Wayne: So now you're trying to set me up with a jewel thief? Alfred: At this point, I'd set you up with a chimpanzee if it'd brought you back to the world! Bruce Wayne: There's nothing out there for me. Alfred: And that's the problem. You hung up your cape and your cowl, but you didn't move on, you never went to find a life, to find someone... Bruce Wayne: Alfred... I did find someone. Alfred: I know, and you lost her. But that's all part of living, sir. But you're not living. You're just waiting, hoping for things to go bad again.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bruce Wayne: If this man is everything that you say he is, then this city needs me. Alfred: This city needs Bruce Wayne, your resources, your knowledge. It doesn't need your body, or your life. That time has passed. Bruce Wayne: You're afraid that if I go back out there I'll fail. Alfred: No. I'm afraid that you want to.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ John Blake: I just can't take it. I mean, nobody will ever know who it was who saved an entire city. Jim Gordon: They know who it was; it was the Batman.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ [a couple thugs go to attack Lucius while he's handcuffed. Catwoman intervenes and beats them down] Lucius Fox: [to Batman] I like your new girlfriend! Catwoman: [she undoes his cuffs] He should be so lucky.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bruce Wayne: I'm not afraid. I'm angry.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: [Sewer thugs have captured Jim Gordon, who is barely conscious] Why are you here? Sewer Thug #1: [thug kicks Gordon, who groans] Answer him! Bane: I was asking you. Sewer Thug #1: It's the police commissioner. Bane: And you brought him down here? Sewer Thug #2: We didn't know what to do. Bane: You panicked, and your weakness has cost the lives of three others. Sewer Thug #1: No he's alone... [Bane grabs the thug and crush his throat, he drops dead to the ground] Bane: [to the second thug] Search him, then I will kill you. Sewer Thug #2: [Jim Gordon throws himself over the balcony into the running sewer water, the thugs shoot at him] He's dead. Bane: So show me his body. Sewer Thug #2: The water runs to any one of the outflows. We'll never find him. Bane: [Bane puts a GPS in the thug's pocket] Follow him! Sewer Thug #2: Follow him? [Bane shoots the sewer thug]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: I broke you. How have you come back? Batman: You think you're the only one who can find the strength to escape? Where's the trigger? Bane: But I never escaped. Batman: But the child... the child of Ra's al Ghul made the climb. Miranda Tate: [from behind Batman] But he's not the child of Ra's al Ghul [She stabs Batman with a knife. He reels in pain and shock] Miranda Tate: I am. And though I'm not ordinary, I am a citizen. [She reveals the trigger] Batman: [anguished] Miranda... why? Miranda Tate: Talia. My mother named me Talia before she was killed, the way I would've been killed if not for my protector: Bane.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Lucius Fox: This conversation used to end with an unusual request. Bruce Wayne: I'm retired. Lucius Fox: Well let me show you some stuff anyway. Just for old time's sake.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Catwoman: You could have gone anywhere, but you came back. Batman: So did you. Catwoman: Well then I guess we're both suckers. [she kisses him]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Batman: He was trying to kill millions of innocent people Talia al Ghul: 'Innocent' is a strong word to throw around Gotham, Bruce. I honor my father by finishing his work. Vengeance against the man who killed him is simply a reward for my patience... [Talia twists the knife in Batman's side] Talia al Ghul: You see, it's the slow knife... the knife that takes its time, the knife that waits years without forgetting, then slips quietly between the bones... that's the knife that cuts deepest.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Lucius Fox: It has a long uninteresting name. I just took to calling it... The Bat, and yes, Mr. Wayne, it does come in black.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ John Blake: [to Bruce Wayne] I don't know why you took the fall for Dent's murder, but I'm still a believer in the Batman.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ [Batman and Selina have just escaped from Bane and his mercenaries in the Bat. Batman lands it on top of a skyscraper and Selina immediately hops out] Catwoman: See you around. Batman: You're welcome. Catwoman: I had it under control. Batman: Those weren't street thugs, they were trained killers. I saved your life. In return I need to know what you did with Bruce Wayne's fingerprints. Catwoman: Wayne wasn't kidding about a "powerful friend". [beat] Catwoman: I sold his prints to Daggett. For something that doesn't even exist. Batman: I doubt many people get the better of you. Catwoman: Hey, when a girl's desperate. Batman: What's he gonna to do with them? Catwoman: I don't know. But Daggett seemed pretty interested in that mess at the stock market. [Batman is distracted by the spotlight of a police chopper doing the rounds. He looks up at it, then turns back to Selina] Batman: Miss Kyle? [Catwoman has vanished] Batman: So that's what that feels like...

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ [Bane's men announce their entry into the stock exchange, as the food delivery man shoots down a trader, while the shoeshiner and janitor fire their guns into the trading screen. As the screens shut off, Bane comes in and walks over to one trader] Trader #1: This is a stock exchange! There's no money you can steal! Bane: Really? Then why are you people here? [Bane drags the trader by his tie across the floor to a computer terminal, slams his head against the table, and uses his security card to log-in and start the application on the shoeshiner's laptop]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Bane: [after imploding the football field, Bane and his mercenaries appear, and Bane picks up a microphone off one of the coaches] Gotham, take control! Take control of your city. Bane: [the bomb is wheeled in] This... this is the instrument of your liberation! [His mercenaries bring Dr. Pavel forward and make him kneel in front of Bane] Bane: Identify yourself to the world. [holds microphone in front of Dr. Pavel, as if he is conducting a news interview] Dr. Pavel: Dr. Leonid Pavel, nuclear physicist. Bane: And what... what is this? Dr. Pavel: It's a... fully primed neutron bomb, with a blast radius of six miles. Bane: And who is capable of disarming such a device? Dr. Pavel: Only me. Bane: Only you. Thank you, good doctor! [snaps Dr. Pavel's neck. The crowd screams in terror] Bane: Now, this bomb is armed! This bomb is mobile! And the identity of the triggerman is a mystery. For one of you holds the detonator! And we came here not as conquerors, but as liberators to return control of this city to the people. And at the first sign of interference from the outside world, or for those people attempting to flee, this anonymous Gothamite - this unsung hero - will trigger the bomb. For now, martial law is in effect. Return to your homes, hold your families close, and wait. Tomorrow you claim what is rightfully yours. [Bane drops the mike, turns, and leaves the playing field]

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Jim Gordon: [Gordon and his men have been brought into Crane's kangaroo court] No lawyer, no witnesses? What sort of due process is this? Dr. Jonathan Crane: Your guilt has been determined. This is merely a sentencing hearing. Now, what will it be? Death or Exile? Jim Gordon: Crane, if you think we're going to walk out on that ice willingly, you got another thing coming! Dr. Jonathan Crane: So it's death then? Jim Gordon: Looks that way. Dr. Jonathan Crane: Very well. Death! [smashes gavel] Dr. Jonathan Crane: By exile!

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Gangbanger: [Two street thugs catch a little boy that has stolen an apple from them] You steal from us, you little bastard? [Selina appears and twists his arm from behind] Selina Kyle: You boys know you can't come into my neighborhood without asking politely. [She cracks his arm, knocking the apple into her hand. The boy watches as she knocks both thugs out] Selina Kyle: Never steal anything from someone you can't outrun, kid. [takes a bite out of the apple, and tosses it to the kid, who takes it and runs off] Bruce Wayne: Pretty generous, for a thief. [Selina turns to see Bruce approaching] Selina Kyle: I thought they killed you. Bruce Wayne: Not yet. Selina Kyle: If you're expecting an apology... Bruce Wayne: It wouldn't suit you.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Alfred: If you're seriously considering going back out there, you should hear the rumors surrounding Bane. Bruce Wayne: I'm all ears. Alfred: There is a prison in a more ancient part of the world, a pit where men are thrown to suffer and die. But sometimes a man rises from the darkness. Sometimes the pit sends something back. Bruce Wayne: Bane. Alfred: Right. Born and raised in hell on earth. Bruce Wayne: Born in prison? Alfred: No one knows why or how he escaped, but they do know that once he did he was trained by Ra's Al Ghul, your mentor. Bruce Wayne: Bane was a member of The League of Shadows. Alfred: And then he was excommunicated. And any man who is too extreme for Ra's Al Ghul is not to be trifled with.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Batman: [Hands over device] This blocks the remote detonator signal to the bomb. Get it onto it before sunrise. They might hit the button when it starts. Jim Gordon: When what starts? Batman: War.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ Ra's al Ghul: You, yourself fought the decadence of Gotham for years with all your strength, all your resources, all your moral authority and the only victory you achieved was a lie. Now you understand Gotham is beyond saving and must be allowed to die.

§The Dark Knight Rises ¤ [Blake captures Selina at the airport] John Blake: I showed your picture to the Congressman. Guess what? Selina Kyle: Don't tell me, still in love? John Blake: Oh, head over heels. Pressing charges, though.

§American Beauty ¤ [last lines] Lester Burnham: [narrating] I had always heard your entire life flashes in front of your eyes the second before you die. First of all, that one second isn't a second at all, it stretches on forever, like an ocean of time... For me, it was lying on my back at Boy Scout camp, watching falling stars... And yellow leaves, from the maple trees, that lined our street... Or my grandmother's hands, and the way her skin seemed like paper... And the first time I saw my cousin Tony's brand new Firebird... And Janie... And Janie... And... Carolyn. I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me... but it's hard to stay mad, when there's so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like I'm seeing it all at once, and it's too much, my heart fills up like a balloon that's about to burst... And then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain and I can't feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life... You have no idea what I'm talking about, I'm sure. But don't worry... you will someday.

§American Beauty ¤ [at the dinner table] Carolyn Burnham: Your father and I were just discussing his day at work. Why don't you tell our daughter about it, honey? Lester Burnham: Janie, today I quit my job. And then I told my boss to go fuck himself, and then I blackmailed him for almost sixty thousand dollars. Pass the asparagus. Carolyn Burnham: Your father seems to think this kind of behavior is something to be proud of. Lester Burnham: And your mother seems to prefer that I go through life like a fucking prisoner while she keeps my dick in a mason jar under the sink. Carolyn Burnham: How dare you speak to me that way in front of her. And I marvel that you can be so contemptuous of me, on the same day that you LOSE your job. Lester Burnham: Lose it? I didn't lose it. It's not like, "Whoops! Where'd my job go?" I QUIT. Someone pass the asparagus, please.

§American Beauty ¤ [Lester has just caught Caroline cheating with the Real Estate King] Carolyn Burnham: Uh, Buddy, this is my... Lester Burnham: Her husband. We've met before, but something tells me you're going to remember me this time.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: Remember those posters that said, "Today is the first day of the rest of your life"? Well, that's true of every day except one, the day you die.

§American Beauty ¤ Ricky Fitts: It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing and there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it. Right? And this bag was just dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. That's the day I realized that there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid, ever. Video's a poor excuse, I know. But it helps me remember... I need to remember... Sometimes there's so much beauty in the world, I feel like I can't take it, and my heart is just going to cave in.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: My name is Lester Burnham. This is my neighborhood; this is my street; this is my life. I am 42 years old; in less than a year I will be dead. Of course I don't know that yet, and in a way, I am dead already.

§American Beauty ¤ Carolyn Burnham: Uh, whose car is that out front? Lester Burnham: Mine. 1970 Pontiac Firebird. The car I've always wanted and now I have it. I rule!

§American Beauty ¤ Carolyn Burnham: What are you doing? Lester Burnham: Nothing. Carolyn Burnham: You were masturbating! Lester Burnham: I was not. Carolyn Burnham: Yes you were! Lester Burnham: Oh, all right! So shoot me, I was whacking off! That's right, I was choking the bishop, chafing the carrot, you know, saying "hi" to my monster!

§American Beauty ¤ Catering Boss: I'm not paying you to do... whatever it is you're doing out here. Ricky Fitts: Fine. So don't pay me. Catering Boss: Excuse me? Ricky Fitts: I quit. So you don't have to pay me. Now leave me alone. Catering Boss: ...asshole. Lester Burnham: [stunned] I think you just became my personal hero!

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: [narrating] It's a great thing when you realize you still have the ability to surprise yourself.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: It's a great thing when you realize you still have the ability to surprise yourself. Makes you wonder what else you can do that you've forgotten about.

§American Beauty ¤ Ricky Fitts: It's like God is looking right at you, just for a second, and if you're careful... you can look right back. Jane Burnham: And what do you see? Ricky Fitts: Beauty.

§American Beauty ¤ Angela Hayes: Yeah? Well, at least I'm not ugly! Ricky Fitts: Yes, you are. And you're boring, and you're totally ordinary, and you know it.

§American Beauty ¤ Brad Dupree: Management wants you gone by the end of the day. Lester Burnham: Well, just what sort of severance package is management prepared to offer me? Considering the information I have about our Editorial Director buying pussy with company money - which, I think, would interest the I.R.S., since it technically constitutes fraud; and I'm sure that some of our advertisers and rival publications might like to know about it as well. Not to mention [grins] Lester Burnham: Craig's wife! Brad Dupree: [crosses his arms] What do you want? Lester Burnham: One year's salary, with benefits. Brad Dupree: That's not going to happen. Lester Burnham: Well, what do you say I throw in a little sexual harassment charge, to boot? Brad Dupree: [chuckles in disbelief] Against who? Lester Burnham: [he chuckles right back] Against YOU. Can you prove that you didn't offer to save my job if I let you blow me? Brad Dupree: Man, you are one twisted fuck. Lester Burnham: Nope; I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose.

§American Beauty ¤ Carolyn Burnham: Are you trying to look unattractive? Jane Burnham: Yes. Carolyn Burnham: Well, congratulations. You've succeeded admirably.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: Look at me, jerking off in the shower... This will be the high point of my day; it's all downhill from here.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: How's Jane? Angela Hayes: What do you mean? Lester Burnham: I mean, how's her life? Is she happy? Is she miserable? I'd really like to know, and she'd die before she'd ever tell me about it. Angela Hayes: She's... she's really happy. She thinks she's in love. Lester Burnham: Good for her. Angela Hayes: How are you? Lester Burnham: God, it's been a long time since anybody asked me that... I'm great. Angela Hayes: I've gotta go to the bathroom. Lester Burnham: I'm great.

§American Beauty ¤ Colonel Frank Fitts: Where did you get that? Ricky Fitts: From my job. Colonel Frank Fitts: Don't lie to me. Now, I saw you with him. Ricky Fitts: You were watching me? Colonel Frank Fitts: What did he make you do? Ricky Fitts: Oh, Dad, you don't really think that me and Mr. Burnham were... Colonel Frank Fitts: Don't you laugh at me. Now, I will not sit back and watch my only son become a cock-sucker! Ricky Fitts: Jesus, what is it with you? Colonel Frank Fitts: I swear to God, I will throw you out of the house and never look at you again! Ricky Fitts: You mean that? Colonel Frank Fitts: You're damn straight I do. I'd rather you were dead than be a fuckin' faggot. Ricky Fitts: You're right. I suck dick for money. Colonel Frank Fitts: Boy, don't start. Ricky Fitts: Two thousand dollars - I'm that good. Colonel Frank Fitts: Get out! Ricky Fitts: And you should see me fuck. I'm the best piece of ass in three States. Colonel Frank Fitts: Get out. I don't ever want to see you again! Ricky Fitts: What a sad old man you are.

§American Beauty ¤ Brad Dupree: [reading Lester's job description] "My job consists of basically masking my contempt for the assholes in charge, and, at least once a day, retiring to the men's room so I can jerk off while I fantasize about a life that doesn't so closely resemble Hell." Well, you have absolutely no interest in saving yourself. Lester Burnham: Brad, for 14 years I've been a whore for the advertising industry. The only way I could save myself now is if I start firebombing.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: [narrating] Both my wife and daughter think I'm this gigantic loser and they're right, I have lost something. I'm not exactly sure what it is but I know I didn't always feel this... sedated. But you know what? It's never too late to get it back.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: Good. I'm looking for the least possible amount of responsibility.

§American Beauty ¤ Brad Dupree: Got a minute? Lester Burnham: [Phony, overly polite voice] For you, Brad, I've got five!

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: I figured you guys might be able to give me some pointers. I need to shape up. Fast. Jim Olmeyer: Are you just looking to lose weight, or do you want increased strength and flexibility as well? Lester Burnham: I want to look good naked!

§American Beauty ¤ Mr. Smiley's Counter Girl: Whoa! You are so busted. Carolyn Burnham: You know, this really doesn't concern you. Lester Burnham: Well, actually, Janine is Senior Drive-thru Manager. So you are, kind of, on her turf.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: When I was your age, I flipped burgers all summer just to be able to buy an eight-track. Ricky Fitts: That sucks. Lester Burnham: No, actually it was great. All I did was party and get laid. I had my whole life ahead of me.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: This isn't life, it's just stuff. And it's become more important to you than living. Well, honey, that's just nuts.

§American Beauty ¤ Carolyn Burnham: Oh, I see. You think you're the only one who's sexually frustrated? Lester Burnham: I'm not? Well, then, come on, baby, I'm ready!

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: Smile! You're at Mr. Smiley's.

§American Beauty ¤ Buddy Kane: In order to be successful, one must project an image of success at all times.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: You don't get to tell me what to do ever again.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: You don't think it's kinda weird & fascist? Carolyn Burnham: Possibly, but you don't want to be unemployed. Lester Burnham: Oh well, all right, let's all sell our souls and work for Satan because it's more convenient that way.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: [narrating] That's my wife, Carolyn. See the way the handle on her pruning shears matches her gardening clogs? That's not an accident.

§American Beauty ¤ Angela Hayes: *Jane, he's a freak!* Jane Burnham: *Well, then so am I!* And we'll always be freaks and we'll never be like other people and you'll never be a freak because you're just too... perfect!

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: I am sick and tired of being treated like I don't exist. You two do whatever you want, whenever you want to do it, and I don't complain. Carolyn Burnham: Oh, you don't complain? Then please, excuse me, I must be psychotic, then! If you don't complain, what is this? Yeah, let's bring in the laugh-meter and see how loud it gets. Lester Burnham: [Lester throws the asparagus plate at the wall] Don't interrupt me, honey! Lester Burnham: [sits back down to eat] Oh, yeah, and one more thing, from now on we're going to have alternate dinner music because frankly - and I don't think I'm alone here... [looks in Jane's direction] Lester Burnham: I'm tired of this Lawrence Welk shit!

§American Beauty ¤ Ricky Fitts: My dad thinks I pay for all this with catering jobs. Never underestimate the power of denial.

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: You better watch yourself, Jane, or you're going to turn into a real BITCH, just like your MOTHER!

§American Beauty ¤ Ricky Fitts: She's not your friend. She's just someone you use to feel better about yourself.

§American Beauty ¤ [Lester and Carolyn are driving to the basketball game to watch Jane's dance team gig] Lester Burnham: Well what makes you so sure she wants us to be there? Did she ask us to come? Carolyn Burnham: Of course not. She doesn't want us to know how important this is to her. But she's been practicing her steps for weeks. Lester Burnham: Well, I'll bet money she's going to resent it, and I'm missing the James Bond marathon on TNT. Carolyn Burnham: *Lester*, this is important. Now, I'm sensing a real distance growing between you and Jane. Lester Burnham: "Growing?" She hates me. Carolyn Burnham: She's just willful. Lester Burnham: She hates you too.

§American Beauty ¤ Carolyn Burnham: Don't you mess with me, mister, or I'll divorce you so fast it'll make your head spin! Lester Burnham: On what grounds? I'm not a drunk, I don't fuck other women, I don't mistreat you, I've never hit you... I don't even try to touch you since you've made it so abundantly clear just how unnecessary you consider me to be! But I did support you when you got your license, and some people might think that entitles me to half of what's yours. So, turn out the light when you come to bed!

§American Beauty ¤ Lester Burnham: [narrating] Janie's a pretty typical teenager. Angry, insecure, confused. I wish I could tell her that's all going to pass, but I don't wanna lie to her.

§American Beauty ¤ Angela Hayes: You total slut, you have a crush on him. You're defending him, you love him, you wanna have, like, ten thousand of his babies.

§American Beauty ¤ Ricky Fitts: I can't believe you don't know how beautiful you are.

§American Beauty ¤ Angela Hayes: I'm serious. He just pulled down his pants and yanked it out. You know, like, "Say hello to Mr. Happy." Playground Girl #1: Gross. Angela Hayes: It wasn't gross. It was kinda cool. Playground Girl #1: So did you do it with him? Angela Hayes: Of course I did. He's like a really well known photographer. He shoots for "Elle" on like a regular basis. It would have been so majorly stupid of me to turn him down. Playground Girl #2: You are a total prostitute. Angela Hayes: Hey! That's how things really are. You just don't know 'cause you're this pampered little suburban chick. Playground Girl #2: So are you. You've only been in "Seventeen" once and you looked fat! So stop acting like you're goddamn Christy Turlington! Angela Hayes: Cunt! I am so sick of people taking their insecurities out on me.

§American Beauty ¤ Ricky Fitts: [after Ricky's dad beats him up] Mom, I'm leaving. Barbara Fitts: Okay. Wear a raincoat.

§American Beauty ¤ Carolyn Burnham: [Carolyn is having sex in a motel room with the Real Estate King] Oh god, I love it! Buddy Kane: You like gettin' nailed by the King? Carolyn Burnham: Oh yes, I love it! Fuck me, your majesty! Buddy Kane: Who's the King? Carolyn Burnham: You are!

§American Beauty ¤ Carolyn Burnham: Honey, I'm so proud of you. I watched you very closely, and you didn't screw up once!

§American Beauty ¤ Jane Burnham: Are you scared? Ricky Fitts: I don't get scared. Jane Burnham: My parents will try to find me. Ricky Fitts: Mine won't.

§American Beauty ¤ Jim Olmeyer: Hello! We're your neighbors from two doors down and we just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood! [hands the Colonel a gift basket] Jim "JB" Berkely: Everything's from our garden, except for the pasta. Jim Olmeyer: Yes, it's from Fizzoli's, it's amazingly fresh, you just pop it in water and it's done! I'm Jim Olmeyer. [shakes the Colonel's hand] Jim Olmeyer: And this is my partner Jim. Jim "JB" Berkely: Jim Berkely, but people call me J.B. [extends his hand to shake] Colonel Frank Fitts: Ah, let's just cut to it, what are you selling? Jim Olmeyer: Nothing, we just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Colonel Frank Fitts: You said you're partners, so, uh what's your business? Jim Olmeyer: Well, he's a tax attorney. Jim "JB" Berkely: And he's an anesthesiologist.

§American Beauty ¤ [first lines] Jane Burnham: I need a father who's a role model, not some horny geek-boy who's gonna spray his shorts whenever I bring a girlfriend home from school. What a lame-o. Someone really should just put him out of his misery. Ricky Fitts: Want me to kill him for you? Jane Burnham: Yeah. Would you?

§American Beauty ¤ Jane Burnham: [turning the camera on Ricky] Don't you feel naked? Ricky Fitts: [looking down, grinning] I am naked.

§Dr ¤ President Merkin Muffley: Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room.

§Dr ¤ Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Colonel... that Coca-Cola machine. I want you to shoot the lock off it. There may be some change in there. Colonel "Bat" Guano: That's private property. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Colonel! Can you possibly imagine what is going to happen to you, your frame, outlook, way of life, and everything, when they learn that you have obstructed a telephone call to the President of the United States? Can you imagine? Shoot it off! Shoot! With a gun! That's what the bullets are for, you twit! Colonel "Bat" Guano: Okay. I'm gonna get your money for ya. But if you don't get the President of the United States on that phone, you know what's gonna happen to you? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: What? Colonel "Bat" Guano: You're gonna have to answer to the Coca-Cola company.

§Dr ¤ [last lines] Dr. Strangelove: Sir! I have a plan! [standing up from his wheelchair] Dr. Strangelove: Mein Führer! I can walk!

§Dr ¤ President Merkin Muffley: I will not go down in history as the greatest mass-murderer since Adolf Hitler. General "Buck" Turgidson: Perhaps it might be better, Mr. President, if you were more concerned with the American People than with your image in the history books.

§Dr ¤ Major T. J. "King" Kong: Survival kit contents check. In them you'll find: one forty-five caliber automatic; two boxes of ammunition; four days' concentrated emergency rations; one drug issue containing antibiotics, morphine, vitamin pills, pep pills, sleeping pills, tranquilizer pills; one miniature combination Russian phrase book and Bible; one hundred dollars in rubles; one hundred dollars in gold; nine packs of chewing gum; one issue of prophylactics; three lipsticks; three pair of nylon stockings. Shoot, a fella' could have a pretty good weekend in Vegas with all that stuff.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: Sir, you can't let him in here. He'll see everything. He'll see the big board!

§Dr ¤ Sign: Peace is our Profession.

§Dr ¤ Dr. Strangelove: Of course, the whole point of a Doomsday Machine is lost, if you *keep* it a *secret*! Why didn't you tell the world, EH? Ambassador de Sadesky: It was to be announced at the Party Congress on Monday. As you know, the Premier loves surprises.

§Dr ¤ General Jack D. Ripper: Have you ever seen a Commie drink a glass of water? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Well, no, I can't say I have. General Jack D. Ripper: Vodka. That's what they drink, isn't it? Never water. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Well, I believe that's what they drink, Jack. Yes. General Jack D. Ripper: On no account will a Commie ever drink water and not without good reason. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Yes. I - I doubt quite see what you're getting at, Jack. General Jack D. Ripper: Water. That's what I'm getting at. Water.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: It'd be naive of us, Mr. President, to imagine that these new developments would cause a change in Soviet expansionist policy. I mean, we must be increasingly on the alert to prevent them taking over other mine shafts space, in order to breed more prodigiously than we do. Thus, knocking us out of these superior numbers when we emerge! Mr. President, we must not allow a mine-shaft gap!

§Dr ¤ General Jack D. Ripper: Mandrake, do you recall what Clemenceau once said about war? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: No, I don't think I do, sir, no. General Jack D. Ripper: He said war was too important to be left to the generals. When he said that, 50 years ago, he might have been right. But today, war is too important to be left to politicians. They have neither the time, the training, nor the inclination for strategic thought. I can no longer sit back and allow Communist infiltration, Communist indoctrination, Communist subversion and the international Communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids.

§Dr ¤ General Jack D. Ripper: Fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous communist plot we have ever had to face.

§Dr ¤ [after speaking on the phone to Soviet Premier Dimitri Kissov] Ambassador de Sadesky: Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk. President Merkin Muffley: [to Premier Kissov] Hello?... Uh... Hello D- uh hello Dmitri? Listen uh uh I can't hear too well. Do you suppose you could turn the music down just a little?... Oh-ho, that's much better... yeah... huh... yes... Fine, I can hear you now, Dmitri... Clear and plain and coming through fine... I'm coming through fine, too, eh?... Good, then... well, then, as you say, we're both coming through fine... Good... Well, it's good that you're fine and... and I'm fine... I agree with you, it's great to be fine... a-ha-ha-ha-ha... Now then, Dmitri, you know how we've always talked about the possibility of something going wrong with the Bomb... The *Bomb*, Dmitri... The *hydrogen* bomb!... Well now, what happened is... ahm... one of our base commanders, he had a sort of... well, he went a little funny in the head... you know... just a little... funny. And, ah... he went and did a silly thing... Well, I'll tell you what he did. He ordered his planes... to attack your country... Ah... Well, let me finish, Dmitri... Let me finish, Dmitri... Well listen, how do you think I feel about it?... Can you *imagine* how I feel about it, Dmitri?... Why do you think I'm calling you? Just to say hello?... *Of course* I like to speak to you!... *Of course* I like to say hello!... Not now, but anytime, Dmitri. I'm just calling up to tell you something terrible has happened... It's a *friendly* call. Of course it's a friendly call... Listen, if it wasn't friendly... you probably wouldn't have even got it... They will *not* reach their targets for at least another hour... I am... I am positive, Dmitri... Listen, I've been all over this with your ambassador. It is not a trick... Well, I'll tell you. We'd like to give your air staff a complete run-down on the targets, the flight plans, and the defensive systems of the planes... Yes! I mean i-i-i-if we're unable to recall the planes, then... I'd say that, ah... well, ah... we're just gonna have to help you destroy them, Dmitri... I know they're our boys... All right, well listen now. Who should we call?... *Who* should we call, Dmitri? The... wha-whe, the People... you, sorry, you faded away there... The People's Central Air Defense Headquarters... Where is that, Dmitri?... In Omsk... Right... Yes... Oh, you'll call them first, will you?... Uh-huh... Listen, do you happen to have the phone number on you, Dmitri?... Whe-ah, what? I see, just ask for Omsk information... Ah-ah-eh-uhm-hm... I'm sorry, too, Dmitri... I'm very sorry... *All right*, you're sorrier than I am, but I am as sorry as well... I am as sorry as you are, Dmitri! Don't say that you're more sorry than I am, because I'm capable of being just as sorry as you are... So we're both sorry, all right?... All right.

§Dr ¤ Adm. Randolph: Try one of these Jamaican cigars, Ambassador. They're pretty good. Ambassador de Sadesky: Thank you, no. I do not support the work of imperialist stooges. Adm. Randolph: Oh, only commie stooges, huh?

§Dr ¤ [Strangelove's plan for post-nuclear war survival involves living underground with a 10:1 female-to-male ratio] General "Buck" Turgidson: Doctor, you mentioned the ratio of ten women to each man. Now, wouldn't that necessitate the abandonment of the so-called monogamous sexual relationship, I mean, as far as men were concerned? Dr. Strangelove: Regrettably, yes. But it is, you know, a sacrifice required for the future of the human race. I hasten to add that since each man will be required to do prodigious... service along these lines, the women will have to be selected for their sexual characteristics which will have to be of a highly stimulating nature. Ambassador de Sadesky: I must confess, you have an astonishingly good idea there, Doctor.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: Gee, I wish we had one of them doomsday machines.

§Dr ¤ General Jack D. Ripper: Mandrake, do you realize that in addition to fluoridating water, why, there are studies underway to fluoridate salt, flour, fruit juices, soup, sugar, milk... ice cream. Ice cream, Mandrake, children's ice cream. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: [very nervous] Lord, Jack. General Jack D. Ripper: You know when fluoridation first began? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: I... no, no. I don't, Jack. General Jack D. Ripper: Nineteen hundred and forty-six. 1946, Mandrake. How does that coincide with your post-war Commie conspiracy, huh? It's incredibly obvious, isn't it? A foreign substance is introduced into our precious bodily fluids without the knowledge of the individual. Certainly without any choice. That's the way your hard-core Commie works. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Uh, Jack, Jack, listen... tell me, tell me, Jack. When did you first... become... well, develop this theory? General Jack D. Ripper: [somewhat embarassed] Well, I, uh... I... I... first became aware of it, Mandrake, during the physical act of love. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Hmm. General Jack D. Ripper: Yes, a uh, a profound sense of fatigue... a feeling of emptiness followed. Luckily I... I was able to interpret these feelings correctly. Loss of essence. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Hmm. General Jack D. Ripper: I can assure you it has not recurred, Mandrake. Women uh... women sense my power and they seek the life essence. I, uh... I do not avoid women, Mandrake. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: No. General Jack D. Ripper: But I... I do deny them my essence.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: General Ripper called Strategic Air Command headquarters shortly after he issued the go code. I have a portion of the transcript of that conversation if you'd like me to to read it. President Merkin Muffley: Read it! General "Buck" Turgidson: Ahem... The Duty Officer asked General Ripper to confirm the fact that he *had* issued the go code, and he said, uh, "Yes gentlemen, they are on their way in, and no one can bring them back. For the sake of our country, and our way of life, I suggest you get the rest of SAC in after them. Otherwise, we will be totally destroyed by Red retaliation. Uh, my boys will give you the best kind of start, 1400 megatons worth, and you sure as hell won't stop them now, uhuh. Uh, so let's get going, there's no other choice. God willing, we will prevail, in peace and freedom from fear, and in true health, through the purity and essence of our natural... fluids. God bless you all" and he hung up. [beat] General "Buck" Turgidson: Uh, we're, still trying to figure out the meaning of that last phrase, sir. President Merkin Muffley: There's nothing to figure out, General Turgidson. This man is obviously a psychotic. General "Buck" Turgidson: We-he-ell, uh, I'd like to hold off judgement on a thing like that, sir, until all the facts are in. President Merkin Muffley: General Turgidson! When you instituted the human reliability tests, you *assured* me there was *no* possibility of such a thing *ever* occurring! General "Buck" Turgidson: Well, I, uh, don't think it's quite fair to condemn a whole program because of a single slip-up, sir.

§Dr ¤ [first title card] Title Card: It is the stated position of the U.S. Air Force that their safeguards would prevent the occurrence of such events as are depicted in this film. Furthermore, it should be noted that none of the characters portrayed in this film are meant to represent any real persons living or dead.

§Dr ¤ [after learning of the Doomsday Machine] President Merkin Muffley: But this is absolute madness, Ambassador! Why should you *build* such a thing? Ambassador de Sadesky: There were those of us who fought against it, but in the end we could not keep up with the expense involved in the arms race, the space race, and the peace race. At the same time our people grumbled for more nylons and washing machines. Our doomsday scheme cost us just a small fraction of what we had been spending on defense in a single year. The deciding factor was when we learned that your country was working along similar lines, and we were afraid of a doomsday gap. President Merkin Muffley: This is preposterous. I've never approved of anything like that. Ambassador de Sadesky: Our source was the New York Times.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: If the pilot's good, see, I mean if he's reeeally sharp, he can barrel that baby in so low... oh you oughta see it sometime. It's a sight. A big plane like a '52... varrrooom! Its jet exhaust... frying chickens in the barnyard!

§Dr ¤ [Turgidson advocates a further nuclear attack to prevent a Soviet response to Ripper's attack] General "Buck" Turgidson: Mr. President, we are rapidly approaching a moment of truth both for ourselves as human beings and for the life of our nation. Now, truth is not always a pleasant thing. But it is necessary now to make a choice, to choose between two admittedly regrettable, but nevertheless *distinguishable*, postwar environments: one where you got twenty million people killed, and the other where you got a hundred and fifty million people killed. President Merkin Muffley: You're talking about mass murder, General, not war! General "Buck" Turgidson: Mr. President, I'm not saying we wouldn't get our hair mussed. But I do say no more than ten to twenty million killed, tops. Uh, depending on the breaks.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: Mr. President, if I may speak freely, the Russkie talks big, but frankly, we think he's short of know how. I mean, you just can't expect a bunch of ignorant peons to understand a machine like some of our boys. And that's not meant as an insult, Mr. Ambassador, I mean, you take your average Russkie, we all know how much guts he's got. Hell, lookit all them Nazis killed off and they still wouldn't quit.

§Dr ¤ General Jack D. Ripper: Were you ever a prisoner of war? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Well... yes I was, matter of fact, Jack. I was. General Jack D. Ripper: Did they torture you? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Uh, yes they did. I was tortured by the Japanese. Jack, if you must know; not a pretty story. General Jack D. Ripper: Well, what happened? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Oh, well, I don't know, Jack, difficult to think of under these conditions; but, well... what happened was they got me on the old Rangoon-Ichinawa railway. I was laying train lines for the bloody Japanese puff-puff's. General Jack D. Ripper: No, I mean when they tortured you. Did you talk? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Ah, oh, no... well, I don't think they wanted me to talk really. I don't think they wanted me to say anything. It was just their way of having a bit of fun, the swines. Strange thing is they make such bloody good cameras.

§Dr ¤ President Merkin Muffley: You mean people could actually stay down there for a hundred years? Dr. Strangelove: It would not be difficult, Mein Führer! Nuclear reactors could - heh, I'm sorry, Mr. President - nuclear reactors could provide power almost indefinitely. Greenhouses could maintain plant life. Animals could raised and *slaughtered*. A quick survey would have to be made of all the available mine sites in the country. But, I would guess, that a dwelling space for several 100,000 of our people could easily be provided. President Merkin Muffley: Well, I would hate to have to decide who stays up and who goes down. Dr. Strangelove: Well, that would not be necessary, Mr. President. It could easily be accomplished with a computer. And a computer could be set and programmed to accept factors of youth, health, sexual fertility, intelligence and a cross-section of necessary skills. Of course, it would be vital that top government and military men be included to foster and impart the required principles of leadership and tradition. Heil! Actually, they would breed prodigiously, yeah? There would be much time and little to do. With a proper breeding techniques and a ratio of, say, ten females to each male, I would guess that they could interact their way back to the present gross national product within, say, 20 years.

§Dr ¤ [General Turgenson's phone rings in the war room] General "Buck" Turgidson: Hello... [whispering] General "Buck" Turgidson: I told you never to call me here, don't you know where I am?... Well look, baby, I c-, I *can't* talk to you now... my president needs me!... Of *course* Bucky'd rather be there with you!... Of *course* it isn't only physical!... I deeply respect you as a human being... Some day I'm gonna make you *Mrs* Buck Turgidson!... Oh, listen uh, you go back to sleep hon, and Bucky'll be back there just as soon as he can... All right... listen, sug, don't forget to say your prayers!

§Dr ¤ Major T. J. "King" Kong: Well, boys, we got three engines out, we got more holes in us than a horse trader's mule, the radio is gone and we're leaking fuel and if we was flying any lower why we'd need sleigh bells on this thing... but we got one little budge on them Rooskies. At this height why they might harpoon us but they dang sure ain't gonna spot us on no radar screen!

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: Mr. President, about, uh, 35 minutes ago, General Jack Ripper, the commanding general of, uh, Burpelson Air Force Base, issued an order to the 34 B-52's of his Wing, which were airborne at the time as part of a special exercise we were holding called Operation Drop-Kick. Now, it appears that the order called for the planes to, uh, attack their targets inside Russia. The, uh, planes are fully armed with nuclear weapons with an average load of, um, 40 megatons each. Now, the central display of Russia will indicate the position of the planes. The triangles are their primary targets; the squares are their secondary targets. The aircraft will begin penetrating Russian radar cover within, uh, 25 minutes. President Merkin Muffley: General Turgidson, I find this very difficult to understand. I was under the impression that I was the only one in authority to order the use of nuclear weapons. General "Buck" Turgidson: That's right, sir, you are the only person authorized to do so. And although I, uh, hate to judge before all the facts are in, it's beginning to look like, uh, General Ripper exceeded his authority.

§Dr ¤ Major T. J. "King" Kong: Well, boys, I reckon this is it - nuclear combat toe to toe with the Roosskies. Now look, boys, I ain't much of a hand at makin' speeches, but I got a pretty fair idea that something doggone important is goin' on back there. And I got a fair idea the kinda personal emotions that some of you fellas may be thinkin'. Heck, I reckon you wouldn't even be human bein's if you didn't have some pretty strong personal feelin's about nuclear combat. I want you to remember one thing, the folks back home is a-countin' on you and by golly, we ain't about to let 'em down. I tell you something else, if this thing turns out to be half as important as I figure it just might be, I'd say that you're all in line for some important promotions and personal citations when this thing's over with. That goes for ever' last one of you regardless of your race, color or your creed. Now let's get this thing on the hump - we got some flyin' to do.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: Hmm... Strangelove? What kind of a name is that? That ain't no Kraut name is it, Stainesey? Mr. Staines: He changed it when he became a citizen. Used to be Merkwürdigliebe. [the German word for "Strangelove"] General "Buck" Turgidson: Well, a Kraut by any other name, uh Stainesey?

§Dr ¤ Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: Hey, where'd Major Kong go?

§Dr ¤ Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Colonel! Colonel, I must know what you think has been going on here! Colonel "Bat" Guano: You wanna know what I think? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Yes! Colonel "Bat" Guano: I think you're some kind of deviated prevert. I think General Ripper found out about your preversion, and that you were organizing some kind of mutiny of preverts. Now MOVE!

§Dr ¤ General Jack D. Ripper: Your Commie has no regard for human life, not even his own. And for this reason, men, I want to impress upon you the need for extreme watchfulness. The enemy may come individually, or he may come in strength. He may even come in the uniform of our own troops. But however he comes, we must stop him. We must not allow him to gain entrance to this base. Now, I'm going to give you THREE SIMPLE rules: First, trust NO one, whatever his uniform or rank, unless he is known to you personally; Second, anyone or anything that approaches within 200 yards of the perimeter is to be FIRED UPON; Third, if in doubt, shoot first then ask questions afterward. I would sooner accept a few casualties through accidents rather losing the entire base and its personnel through carelessness. Any variation of these rules must come from me personally. Any variation on these rules must come from me personally. Now, men, in conclusion, I would like to say that, in the two years it has been my privilege to be your commanding officer, I have always expected the best from you, and you have never given me anything less than that. Today, the nation is counting on us. We're not going to let them down. Good luck to you all.

§Dr ¤ Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: [trying to pay for his phone call] Just one second, operator. [to Guano] Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: They won't accept the call. Have you got 55 cents? Colonel "Bat" Guano: What, you don't think I'd go into combat with loose change in my pocket, do you?

§Dr ¤ [Strangelove admits that he investigated making such a machine] Dr. Strangelove: Based on the findings of the report, my conclusion was that this idea was not a practical deterrent for reasons which at this moment must be all too obvious.

§Dr ¤ Major T. J. "King" Kong: Well, I've been to one world fair, a picnic, and a rodeo, and that's the stupidest thing I ever heard come over a set of earphones. You sure you got today's codes?

§Dr ¤ Miss Scott: It's 3 o'clock in the morning! General "Buck" Turgidson: Weh-heh-heh-ll, the Air Force never sleeps. Miss Scott: Buck, honey, I'm not sleepy either... General "Buck" Turgidson: I know how it is, baby. Tell you what you do: you just start your countdown, and old Bucky'll be back here before you can say "Blast off!"

§Dr ¤ Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Do I look all rancid and clotted? You look at me, Jack. Eh? Look, eh? And I drink a lot of water, you know. I'm what you might call a water man, Jack - that's what I am. And I can swear to you, my boy, swear to you, that there's nothing wrong with my bodily fluids. Not a thing, Jackie.

§Dr ¤ General "Buck" Turgidson: Is that the Russian ambassador you're talking about? President Merkin Muffley: Yes it is, General. General "Buck" Turgidson: A-A-Am I to understand the *Russian* ambassador is to be admitted entrance to th-the War Room? President Merkin Muffley: That is correct, he is here on my orders. General "Buck" Turgidson: I... I don't know exactly how to put this, sir, but are you aware of what a serious breach of security that would be? I mean, he'll see everything, he'll... he'll see the Big Board!

§Dr ¤ Dr. Strangelove: Mr. President, I would not rule out the chance to preserve a nucleus of human specimens. It would be quite easy. At the bottom of some of our deeper mine shafts. The radioactivity would never penetrate a mine thousands of feet deep. In a matter of weeks, sufficient improvements in dwelling space could easily be provided. President Merkin Muffley: How long would we stay down there? Dr. Strangelove: Well, let's see now, eh, cobalt chlorium G, eh, a radioactive half-life of, eh, I would think that possibly, eh, 100 years.

§Dr ¤ President Merkin Muffley: And why haven't you radioed the planes countermanding the go-code? General "Buck" Turgidson: Well, I'm afraid we're unable to communicate with any of the aircraft. President Merkin Muffley: Why? General "Buck" Turgidson: As you may recall, sir, one of the provisions of Plan 'R' provides that once the go-code is received, the normal SSB Radios in the aircraft are switched into a special coded device which I believe is designated as CRM-114. Now, in order to prevent the enemy from issuing fake or confusing orders, CRM-114 is designed not to receive at all - unless the message is preceded by the correct three-letter recall code group prefix. President Merkin Muffley: Then do you mean to tell me, General Turgidson, that you will be unable to recall the aircraft? General "Buck" Turgidson: That's about the size of it. However, we are plowing through every possible three-letter combination of the code. But since there are 17,000 permutations... it's going to take us about two-and-a-half days to transmit them all. President Merkin Muffley: How soon did you say our planes will be entering Russian radar cover? General "Buck" Turgidson: About 18 minutes from now, sir.

§Dr ¤ Major T. J. "King" Kong: I don't give a hoot in Hell how you do it, you just get me to the Primary, ya hear!

§Dr ¤ President Merkin Muffley: I'm afraid I don't understand something, Alexi. Is your premier threatening to explode this if our planes succeed in carrying out their attack? Ambassador de Sadesky: No, sir! It is not a thing a sane man would do. The doomsday machine is designed to to trigger itself automatically. President Merkin Muffley: But surely you can disarm it somehow. Ambassador de Sadesky: No! It is designed to explode if any attempt is ever made to untrigger it! President Merkin Muffley: Automatically? General "Buck" Turgidson: It's an obvious Commie trick, Mr. President. We are wasting valuable time! Look at the big board, they're getting ready to clobber us!

§Dr ¤ Major T. J. "King" Kong: Well, shoot! We ain't come this far just to dump this thing in the drink. What's the nearest target opportunity?

§Dr ¤ Major T. J. "King" Kong: [on the final bomb run] All set. Check bomb door circuits one through four. Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: [as he flips each switch] Uh... bomb door circuits negative function. The lights are all red. Major T. J. "King" Kong: Switch into backup circuits. Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: Backup circuits are switched on. Still negative function. Major T. J. "King" Kong: Engage emergency power. Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: Emergency power is on. Still negative, sir. Major T. J. "King" Kong: Operate manual override. Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: Roger. [there is a pause as Zogg begins turning a small wheel device on the panel, but the 'closed' bomb door lights continue to flash] Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: Manuel override negative function. I think the cable link to the override must be sheared away. Major T. J. "King" Kong: [getting frustrated] Fire the explosive bolts! Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: Roger... [Zogg pushes the buttons for the explosive bolts to blow the bomb doors open, but the 'closed' light continues to blink] Lieutenant Lothar Zogg: Negative, sir. The operating circuits are dead, sir.

§Dr ¤ General Jack D. Ripper: Now, I don't *avoid* women, Mandrake, but I *do* deny them my essence!

§Dr ¤ President Merkin Muffley: [on the phone with the Soviet Premier] Listen, I mean, it's not going to help either one of us if a Doomsday Machine goes off, now is it? - - Well, Dimitri, there's no point in you getting *hysterical* at a moment like this!

§Dr ¤ Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Erm, what about the planes, sir? Surely we must issue the recall code immediately. General Jack D. Ripper: Group Captain, the planes are not gonna be recalled. My attack orders have been issued, and the orders stand. Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Well, if you'll excuse me saying so, sir, that would be, to my way of thinking, rather... well, rather an odd way of looking at it. You see, if a Russian attack was in progress, we would certainly not be hearing civilian broadcast. General Jack D. Ripper: Are you certain of that, Mandrake? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Oh, I'm absolutely positive about it. General Jack D. Ripper: And what if it is true? Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: Well, I'm afraid I'm still not with you, sir, because, I mean, if a Russian attack was not in progress, then your use of Plan R - in fact, your order to the entire Wing... Oh. I would say, sir, that there were something dreadfully wrong somewhere. General Jack D. Ripper: Now why don't you just take it easy, Group Captain, and please make me a drink of grain alcohol and rainwater, and help yourself to whatever you'd like. [Mandrake snaps to attention and salutes] Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: General Ripper, Sir, as an officer in Her Majesty's Air Force, it is my clear duty, under the present circumstances, to issue the recall code, upon my own authority, and bring back the Wing. If you'll excuse me, sir. [He finds the doors locked] Group Capt. Lionel Mandrake: I'm afraid, sir, I must ask you for the key, and the recall code. Have you got them handy, sir?

§Dr ¤ [discussing the Doomsday machine] President Merkin Muffley: How is it possible for this thing to be triggered automatically and at the same time impossible to untrigger? Dr. Strangelove: Mr. President, it is not only possible, it is essential. That is the whole idea of this machine, you know. Deterrence is the art of producing in the mind of the enemy... the FEAR to attack. And so, because of the automated and irrevocable decision-making process which rules out human meddling, the Doomsday machine is terrifying and simple to understand... and completely credible and convincing.

§Dr ¤ [first lines] Narrator: For more than a year, ominous rumors had been privately circulating among high-level Western leaders that the Soviet Union had been at work on what was darkly hinted to be the ultimate weapon: a doomsday device. Intelligence sources traced the site of the top secret Russian project to the perpetually fog-shrouded wasteland below the Arctic peaks of the Zhokhov Islands. What they were building or why it should be located in such a remote and desolate place no one could say.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Laugh and the world laughs with you. Weep and you weep alone.

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: Remember this: "Be it a rock or a grain of sand, in water they sink as the same."

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: If they had told me it was going to be fifteen years, would it have been easier to endure?

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: Your gravest mistake wasn't failing to find the answer. You can't find the right answer if you ask the wrong questions.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Even though I'm no more than a monster - don't I, too, have the right to live?

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Can 10 years' worth of imaginary training... be put to use? Dae-su Oh: [Dae-su beats up his assailants] Apparently, it can.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: [on receiving three chopsticks with his prison rations] All I could think about in that moment was the guy in the next room was eating with only one chopstick.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Can the imaginary training of fifteen years be put to use? Dae-su Oh: [Dae-su tries to sexually assault Mi-do and gets clobbered] No. It can't.

§Oldboy ¤ Mi-do: [looking around the inside of Dae-su's "cell"] You stayed in a place like this for fifteen years? Dae-su Oh: Yeah, but after the first eleven it felt like home.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Who the hell are you? Woo-jin Lee: Me? I'm a sort of scholar. And my major is you. A scholar studying Dae-su Oh; an expert on Dae-su Oh.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Revenge is good for your health, but pain will find you again.

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: Your tongue got my sister pregnant! It wasn't Woo-jin Lee's dick; it was Dae-su Oh's tongue!

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: [after getting knocked over and taking a drag of a cigarette] "Dick-shit"... a new word. Television doesn't teach you swear words.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: How's life in a bigger prison, Dae-su?

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: [after a huge fight] As I expected, I can't get along with anyone today either.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Why'd you lock me up, you [tries to think of the word] Dae-su Oh: ... dick-shit?

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: If by any chance Mido should find out the truth, you son of a bitch, I'm going to rip you limb from limb. And your remains will never be found. Why? Because I'm going to swallow every last bit.

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: You want to torture me, but I can simply kill myself first. Do you want revenge, or do you want the truth?

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: My sister and I loved each other, despite everything. Can you two do the same?

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: The TV is both a clock and a calendar. It's your school, your home, your church, your friend... [Dae-su masturbates to a pop star onscreen] Dae-su Oh: ... and your lover. But... my lover's song is too short.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: [after a very messy beating] Anyone here with an AB blood type, raise your hand.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: You need not worry about the future, Imagine nothing.

§Oldboy ¤ Mr. Park: You see, they say that people shrivel up because they have an imagination. So, don't imagine anything, you'll become brave as hell.

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: And now... now, what joy will I have left to live for?

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: [Dae-su is about to use a clawhammer to yank out someone's teeth] Each one I yank out will make you age for one year. Ready to talk?

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: You really are the very monster I created, aren't you? But you won't find out the "why" of this if you kill me. Fifteen years of being curious would go to waste.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Erasing my memory and telling me to find the truth was cowardly. I won. So die like you promised.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: If you stand aimlessly at a phone booth on a rainy day, and meet a man whose face is covered by a violet umbrella, I'd suggest that you get close to the TV.

§Oldboy ¤ Mi-do: Very lonely people that I met... they all hallucinated ants at one time.

§Oldboy ¤ Mi-do: Dae Su. In front of me is some kind of box. He's telling me to open it. It's the same violet box... Dae-su Oh: No! No Mi-do don't. Don't open it no matter what. Or something terrible will happen.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: [Dae Su is on his knees. Begging] Please. Don't tell Mido. What has she done wrong? You know it was all my fault... I have committed an unforgivable sin, against your sister. And I also... Did you wrong. Please leave Mido alone... If by any chance Mido finds out the truth, you son of a bitch, I'll tear you limb from limb. And your remains will never be found. Why? Because I'm going to swallow every last bit. [Crawls over to Woo-Jin and starts to grovel to Woo-Jin] Dae-su Oh: Woo-Jin! Please, sir, I made a mistake. Please forget what I said. Sir, Woo-Jin! [Raises up on his knees to face Woo-Jin] Dae-su Oh: We're Evergreen Oldboys, remember? [singing] Dae-su Oh: With the energy of a green pine tree/The Great Sangnok High... [Grabbing hold of Woo-Jin's leg. Begging, and weeping] Dae-su Oh: I'll do whatever you want. I'll do anything, I beg you. Woo-Jin, if you want me to be your dog. I will. From this moment on, I am Woo-Jin's dog. I'm your bitch. [Starts barking maniacally like a dog] Dae-su Oh: Look, I'm wagging my tail. I'm a dog, I'll guard your house. I'll be your slave... [Starts crying frantically, and falls to Woo-Jin's feet. He begins to lick his shoes... Humiliated... defeated...]

§Oldboy ¤ Mi-do: What should I pray for? Dae-su Oh: Dear Lord, next time let me meet a younger man.

§Oldboy ¤ Mr. Park: We put a hypnosis-inducing drug in your water Dae-su Oh: Sodium barbiturate? Mr. Park: Ha! TV Man knows it all!

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: I thought I'd lived a simple life. But I've sinned too much

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: Dae-su Oh talks too much.

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: I'm going to kill every woman you love until you die. You're notorious for not protecting your women.

§Oldboy ¤ Mi-do: I love you... Oh-Daesu

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: When the melody turns on, gas comes out. When the gas comes out, I fall asleep. I found out later it's the same Valium gas the Russians used on those Chechen terrorists.

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: Mister. Are you alright? What happened to you? Saewoon Apartments, Eung-am building 8. Take care of him. Dae-su Oh: Thank You. Woo-jin Lee: Not at all. Well, then. Farewell, Oh Dae Su. Dae-su Oh: Farewell, Oh Dae Su.

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: My sister and I loved each other, despite everything. Can you do the same?

§Oldboy ¤ Woo-jin Lee: What I am isn't important. WHY is important.

§Oldboy ¤ Mr. Park: [hands Dae-Su a business card while grinning a big gold-toothed grin] This dentist is really good.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: [holding up a sign] I'VE BEEN BUGGED. PLEASE FIND IT.

§Oldboy ¤ Dae-su Oh: Please. Don't tell Mido. What has she done wrong? You know it was all my fault... I have committed an unforgivable sin, against your sister. And I also... Did you wrong. But, please leave Mido alone... If by any chance Mido finds out the truth, you son of a bitch, I'll tear you limb from limb. And your remains will never be found. Why? Because I'm going to swallow every last bit.

§Coco ¤ Héctor: [sings] Remember me, though I have to say goodbye / Remember me, don't let it make you cry / For even if I'm far away, I hold you in my heart / I sing a secret song to you, each night we are apart / Remember me, though I have to travel far / Remember me, each time you hear a sad guitar / Know that I'm with you, the only way that I can be / Until you're in my arms again, remember me...

§Coco ¤ Ernesto de la Cruz: [to Mamá Imelda] Don't I know you? Mamá Imelda: [Smacks Ernesto with her shoe] That's for murdering the love of my life! Ernesto de la Cruz: [Confused] Who the...? Héctor: She's talking about me! [to Imelda, touched] Héctor: I'm the love of your life? Mamá Imelda: I don't know, I'm still angry at you! Ernesto de la Cruz: Hector? How did you... [Imelda smacks him with her shoe again] Mamá Imelda: And *that's* for trying to murder my grandson! Ernesto de la Cruz: Grandson? Miguel: She's talking about me! Ernesto de la Cruz: You! Wait. You're related to Hector? Miguel: [pointing at De la Cruz's breast pocket] The photo! [the rest of the family appears from around the corner; De la Cruz runs] Mamá Imelda: After him! Ernesto de la Cruz: Security! Héctor: You said love of your life? Mamá Imelda: I don't know *what* I said! Miguel: [cheekily] That's what *I* heard...

§Coco ¤ [from trailer] Clerk: [sneezes] I am terribly allergic. Miguel: But Dante doesn't have any hair. Clerk: And I don't have a nose, and yet, here we are.

§Coco ¤ Ernesto de la Cruz: [from trailer] I have to sing. It's not just *in* me... It *is* Me.

§Coco ¤ Miguel: I'm a pretty sorry excuse for a great-great grandpa. Miguel: Are you kidding? Five minutes ago I thought I was related to a murderer! You're a total upgrade! [Hector gives him an exasperated look]

§Coco ¤ Miguel: [after watching Chicharrón disappear] Wait... what happened? Héctor: [sadly] He's been forgotten. When there's no one left in the living world who remembers you, you disappear from this world. We call it the Final Death. Miguel: Where did he go? Héctor: No one knows. Miguel: But I've met him! I could remember him when I go back. Héctor: No. It doesn't work like that, chamaco. Our memories, they have to be passed down by those who knew us in life - in the stories they tell about us. But there's no one left alive to pass down Cheech's stories. [shrugs] Héctor: Hey, it happens to everyone eventually.

§Coco ¤ Héctor: [singing for Chicharrón] Well everyone knows Juanita / Her eyes each a different color / Her teeth stick out / and her chin goes in / and her... [he hesitates] Héctor: ... knuckles, they drag on the floor. Chicharrón: Those aren't the words! Héctor: There are children present. [singing] Héctor: Her hair is like a briar / She stands in a bow-legged stance / And if I weren't so ugly / She'd possibly give me a chance. Chicharrón: [chuckles] Brings back memories. Gracias. [exhales deeply as he vanishes]

§Coco ¤ [Mamá Imelda has just taken Héctor's protrait from De La Cruz and is about to give Miguel her blessing to send him back home] Mamá Imelda: Miguel, I give you my blessing. To go home... to put up our photos... and, to never... Miguel: [resigned] ... never play music again. [Mamá Imelda looks at Héctor and smiles] Mamá Imelda: ...And to NEVER forget how much your family loves you.

§Coco ¤ Mamá Imelda: Mijo, I was so worried. [Hugs Miguel, then looks to Héctor resentfully] Mamá Imelda: And you, how many times must I turn you away? Héctor: Imelda... Mamá Imelda: I want nothing to do with you! Not in life, not in death! I spent decades protecting my family from *your* mistakes. He spends five minutes with you, and I have to fish him out of a sinkhole! Miguel: I wasn't in there because of Héctor. He was in there because of me. He was just trying to get me home! I didn't want to listen, but he was right! Nothing is more important than family. I'm ready to accept your blessing. And your conditions. But first, I need to find de la Cruz. To get Héctor's photo! Mamá Imelda: What? Miguel: So, he can see Coco again. Héctor should be on our ofrenda. He's part of our family. Mamá Imelda: He *left* this family! Miguel: He tried to go home to you and Coco. But de la Cruz murdered him! [Imelda looks from Miguel to Héctor in surprise] Héctor: [sorrowfully] It's true, Imelda. Miguel: [after a pause] And so what if it's true? You leave me alone with a child to raise, and I'm just supposed to forgive you? Héctor: Imelda, I... [Suddenly shudders and collapses to his knees, Imelda gasps] Héctor: I'm running out of time. It's Coco. Mamá Imelda: She's forgetting you. Miguel: You don't have to forgive him. But we shouldn't forget him! Mamá Imelda: I wanted to forget you. I wanted Coco to forget you, too, but... Héctor: This is my fault, not yours. I'm sorry, Imelda. Mamá Imelda: Miguel, if we help you get his photo, you will return home? No more music? Miguel: Family comes first. Mamá Imelda: [to Héctor] I... I can't forgive you. But I *will* help you. So, how do we get to de la Cruz? Miguel: I... might know a way.

§Coco ¤ Frida Kahlo: [explaining her new performance piece to Miguel] Darkness - and from the darkness... a giant papaya! Dancers emerge from the papaya, and the dancers... are all me! And they go to drink from the milk of their mother, who is a cactus! But, who is also me! And her milk is not milk, but tears! [pause] Frida Kahlo: Is it too obvious? Miguel: [unsure] I think it's... just the right amount of obvious?

§Coco ¤ Mamá Imelda: [seeing Miguel in the Land of the Dead; surprised] Miguel? Miguel: [smiling nervously] Mamá Imelda... Mamá Imelda: [puts her hands on her hips] WHAT is going on?

§Coco ¤ Miguel: [to Mamá Coco, pointing at each of his cheeks] I have a dimple on this side, but not on this side. Dimple. No dimple. Dimple. No dimple. Abuelita: Miguel, eat your food! Oh, you're a twig, Mijo! Here, have some more! [starts piling tamales on his plate] Miguel: No, gracias. Abuelita: [sternly] I *asked* if you would like more *tamales*? Miguel: ...Si? Abuelita: [cheerfully] That's what I thought you said!

§Coco ¤ [from trailer] Héctor: What are you doing? Miguel: I'm walking like a skeleton. Héctor: No, skeletons don't walk like that. Miguel: That's how *you* walk. Héctor: No, I don't.

§Coco ¤ [Repeated line] Abuelita: [to any musicans; shouts] No Music!

§Coco ¤ Héctor: [Ernesto takes Miguel at the edge of the stadium] Ernesto, STOP! [shudders and collapses to the floor] Héctor: Leave the boy alone. Ernesto de la Cruz: I've worked too hard, Hector. Too hard to let him destroy everything. Héctor: [pleading] He's a living child, Ernesto! [the other Riveras turn the camera on Ernesto so the audience can see] Ernesto de la Cruz: He's a THREAT! [the audience gasps] Ernesto de la Cruz: You think I'd let him go back to the land of the living with your photo? To keep your memory alive? No! Miguel: You're a coward! Ernesto de la Cruz: I am Ernesto de la Cruz, the greatest musician of all time! Miguel: Héctor's the REAL musician, you're just the guy who murdered him and stole his songs! [the audience gasps] Guy in audience: Murdered? Ernesto de la Cruz: [grabs Miguel by the shirt collar] I am the one who is willing to do what it takes to seize my moment. Whatever it takes. [Throws Miguel off the stadium]

§Coco ¤ Miguel: This isn't a dream, then - you're all really out there! Tía Victoria: You thought we weren't? Miguel: I don't know - I thought it might have been one of those made-up things grown-ups tell kids, like... vitamins! Tía Victoria: Miguel, vitamins are a real thing. Miguel: Well, now I'm thinking maybe they could be.

§Coco ¤ Miguel: Wait, are those...? Alebrijes! But, those are... Tío Oscar: *Real* Alebrijes. Spirit creatures. Tía Rosita: They guide souls on their journey. Tío Felipe: Watch your step - they make 'caquitas' everywhere.

§Coco ¤ Tío Oscar: [stares at Miguel's face] I miss my nose...

§Coco ¤ Ernesto de la Cruz: [after Héctor is taken away by security for attacking Ernesto after learning the truth about his death] I apologize, where were we? Miguel: You were going to give me your blessing. Ernesto de la Cruz: Yes, uh, si. Miguel, my reputation it is, ah, very important to me. I would hate to have you think... Miguel: That you murdered Héctor, for his songs? Ernesto de la Cruz: Ha ha. You don't think that, do you? Miguel: I... no. Everyone knows you're, the... the good guy. Ernesto de la Cruz: [Ernesto looks at Héctor's photo, and then puts it in his pocket] Miguel: Papa Ernesto, my blessing? Ernesto de la Cruz: [Ernesto looks at Miguel's marigold petal, and then crushes it into powder] Security, take care of Miguel. He'll be... extending his stay. Miguel: [as he is taken away by security] WHAT? BUT I'M YOUR FAMILY! Ernesto de la Cruz: And Héctor was my best friend. Success doesn't come for free, Miguel. You have to be willing to, do whatever it takes to... seize your moment. I know you understand. Miguel: No, NO!

§Coco ¤ [after Ernesto is disgraced, and flung from the amphitheater, a guy returns from the concession stand] Guy in audience: [to his wife, excitedly] What did I miss?

§Coco ¤ [Miguel slips through a barred gate as Imelda tries to catch him] Mamá Imelda: I am trying to save your life! Miguel: You're *ruining* my life! Mamá Imelda: [shocked] What? Miguel: Music's the only thing that makes me happy! And you want to take that away! You'll never understand! Mamá Imelda: [sings] Ay, de mí, llorona, llorona de azul celeste. Y aunque la vida me cueste llorona, no dejaré de quererte... Miguel: [turning back] I thought you hated music. Mamá Imelda: [smiling] Oh, I loved it! I remember that feeling, when my husband would play, and I would sing, and nothing else mattered. But, when we had Coco, there was something that mattered more than music. I wanted to put down roots; *he* wanted to play for the world. We each made a sacrifice to get what we wanted. Now, you must make a choice. Miguel: But, I don't want to... pick sides! Why can't you be on *my* side? That's what families are supposed to do! Support you! [pause] Miguel: But you never will.

§Coco ¤ Mamá Imelda: [the Rivera family spots Mamá Imelda at the desk of a Family Reunion agent] I demand to speak to the person in charge. Departures Agent: Sorry, señora it says here no one put up your photo. Mamá Imelda: My family always, ALWAYS puts my photo on the ofrenda! That devil box tells you nothing but lies! [pulls off her shoe and beats the computer with it] Papá Julio: [Approaches with fear] Mamá Imelda? Mamá Imelda: Oh, mi familia! They wouldn't let me cross the bridge. [Puts her shoe back on] Mamá Imelda: Tell this woman and her devil box that my photo *is* on the ofrenda! Papá Julio: Well, we-we never made it made it to the ofrenda. Mamá Imelda: What? Papá Julio: We ran into a, a... [the family parts to reveal Miguel] Mamá Imelda: [Gasp] Miguel? Miguel: [Gives a hesitant wave] Mamá Imelda... Mamá Imelda: [suspiciously] *What* is going on? Clerk: [Office door opens] You the Rivera family? [States matter-of-factly] Clerk: Well, you're cursed.

§Coco ¤ Juan Ortodoncia: Gracias!

§Coco ¤ [repeated line] Abuelita: No music!

§Coco ¤ Abuelita: [after destroying Miguel's guitar] There! No guitar, no music! [seeing Miguel in tears, she tries to comfort him] Abuelita: Oh, come, you'll feel better after you eat with your family. Miguel: [slapping her hand away angrily] I don't want to BE in this family! [he runs away]

§Coco ¤ Miguel: [sings] Remember me, though I have to say goodbye / Remember me, don't let it make you cry / [Mama Coco's hand starts moving] Mamá: Look. Miguel: For even if I'm far away, I hold you in my heart / I sing a secret song to you, each night we are apart / Remember me, though I have to travel far / Miguel, Mamá Coco: Remember me, each time you hear a sad guitar [Abuleta seeing this realizes how wrong she was for hating music and tears of joy start pouring out of her eyes] Miguel, Mamá Coco: / Know that I'm with you, the only way that I can be / Until you're in my arms again, remember me... [smiles at Miguel and notices her daughter crying] Mamá Coco: [Sees Elena crying happy tears] Elena? What's wrong mija? Abuelita: [weeping with joy] Nothing mama, [sniffles] Abuelita: nothing at all.

§Coco ¤ Miguel: [as Abuelita bangs on the locked door] Mama Coco? Can you hear me? It's Miguel! I, I saw your Papa! Remember? Papa? Please, if you forget him, he'll be gone, forever! [picking up Hector's guitar] Miguel: Here, this was his guitar, right? He used to play it to you? [showing her the photo with Hector's face missing] Miguel: See? There he is! Papa! Remember? Papa? Mama Coco, *please*, don't forget him! [Coco just stares blankly; Miguel gets up sadly as the family burst in] Abuelita: What are you *doing* to that poor woman? It's okay, Mamita... Papá: [angrily] What's gotten into you? [seeing Miguel crying, he hugs him] Papá: I thought I lost you Miguel. Miguel: I'm sorry Papa. Mamá: [also hugging Miguel] We're all together now. That's what matters. Miguel: [miserably] Not all of us. Abuelita: It's okay, Mamita. [to Miguel, angrily] Abuelita: Miguel, you apologize to your Mama Coco! Miguel: [wiping his eyes] Mama Coco... [his foot nudges the guitar, he pauses, looking at it] Abuelita: Well? Apologize! Miguel: Mama Coco? Your Papa? H-he wanted you to have this. [he picks up the guitar and begins to play; Abuelita gasps and moves to stop him but Enrique lays a hand on her shoulder] Papá: Máma, wait. Miguel: [singing] Remember me... though I have to say goodbye, remember me... don't let it make you cry... [Coco's hand twitches] Mamá: Look! Miguel: [continuing to sing as Coco becomes more alert] For even if I'm far away, I hold you in my heart. I sing a secret song to you each night we are apart... Remember me, though I have to travel far... [Coco sings] Miguel, Mamá Coco: Remember me, each time you hear a sad guitar. Know that I'm with you the only way that I can be... Until you're in my arms again, remember... me... [Coco smiles at Miguel, then notices Abuelita crying] Mamá Coco: Elena? What's wrong, Mija? Abuelita: [happily, through her tears] Nothing, Mama. Nothing at all.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [reflecting upon a Mozart score] On the page it looked nothing. The beginning simple, almost comic. Just a pulse. Bassoons and basset horns, like a rusty squeezebox. And then suddenly, high above it, an oboe. A single note, hanging there, unwavering. Until a clarinet took over and sweetened it into a phrase of such delight! This was no composition by a performing monkey! This was a music I'd never heard. Filled with such longing, such unfulfillable longing, it had me trembling. It seemed to me that I was hearing the voice of God.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: All I wanted was to sing to God. He gave me that longing... and then made me mute. Why? Tell me that. If He didn't want me to praise him with music, why implant the desire? Like a lust in my body! And then deny me the talent?

§Amadeus ¤ [last lines] Antonio Salieri: [wheelchaired through the insane asylum] Mediocrities everywhere... I absolve you... I absolve you... I absolve you... I absolve you... I absolve you all. [screen fades to black, Mozart's high-pitched laughter rings out in the blackness]

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [to Father Vogel] I will speak for you, Father. I speak for all mediocrities in the world. I am their champion. I am their patron saint.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: Leave me alone. Father Vogler: I cannot leave alone a soul in pain. Antonio Salieri: Do you know who I am? Father Vogler: It makes no difference. All men are equal in God's eyes. Antonio Salieri: [leans in mockingly] *Are* they?

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [reflecting upon Mozart's scores] Astounding! It was actually, it was beyond belief. These were first and only drafts of music, but they showed no corrections of any kind. Not one. He had simply written down music already finished in his head! Page after page of it as if he were just taking dictation. And music, finished as no music is ever finished. Displace one note and there would be diminishment. Displace one phrase and the structure would fall. It was clear to me that sound I had heard in the Archbishop's palace had been no accident. Here again was the very Voice of God! I was staring through the cage of those meticulous ink-strokes at an absolute beauty. [he drops the pages] Constanze Mozart: Is it not good? Antonio Salieri: It is miraculous!

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [addressing a crucifix] From now on, we are enemies - You and I. Because You choose for Your instrument a boastful, lustful, smutty, infantile boy and give me for reward only the ability to recognize the incarnation. Because You are unjust, unfair, unkind, I will block You, I swear it. I will hinder and harm Your creature as far as I am able. I will ruin Your incarnation.

§Amadeus ¤ [Having played two pieces of music to Father Vogel, who does not recognize either] Antonio Salieri: Can you remember no melody of mine? I was the most famous composer in Europe. I wrote 40 operas alone! [suddenly inspired] Antonio Salieri: Here, what about this one? [he plays the first few bars of "Eine kleine Natchmuzik" while Father Vogel hums along] Father Vogler: Yes, I know that! Oh, that's charming! I'm sorry, I didn't know you wrote what. Antonio Salieri: I didn't. That was Mozart. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Father Vogler: [smile fades] The man you accuse yourself of killing.

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Forgive me, Majesty. I am a vulgar man! But I assure you, my music is not. Emperor Joseph II: You are passionate, Mozart, but you do not persuade...

§Amadeus ¤ [repeated line] Emperor Joseph II: Well, there it is.

§Amadeus ¤ Emperor Joseph II: My dear young man, don't take it too hard. Your work is ingenious. It's quality work. And there are simply too many notes, that's all. Just cut a few and it will be perfect. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Which few did you have in mind, Majesty?

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [to Father Vogel] Your merciful God. He destroyed His own beloved, rather than let a mediocrity share in the smallest part of His glory. He killed Mozart and kept me alive to torture! 32 years of torture! 32 years of slowly watching myself become extinct. My music growing fainter, all the fainter till no one plays it at all, and his...

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: My plan was so simple. It terrified me. First I must get the death mass and then, I must achieve his death. Father Vogler: [stares in horror] What? Antonio Salieri: His funeral! Imagine it, the cathedral, all Vienna sitting there, his coffin, Mozart's little coffin in the middle, and then, in that silence, music! A divine music bursts out over them all. A great mass of death! Requiem mass for Wolfgang Mozart, composed by his devoted friend, Antonio Salieri! Oh what sublimity, what depth, what passion in the music! Salieri has been touched by God at last. And God is forced to listen! Powerless, powerless to stop it! I, for once in the end, laughing at him! [beat] Antonio Salieri: The only thing that worried me was the actual killing. How does one do that? Hmmm? How does one kill a man? It's one thing to dream about it; very different when, when you, when you have to do it with your own hands.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [to Father Vogel] That was not Mozart laughing, Father... that was God. That was God laughing at me through that obscene giggle...

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: Are you sure you can't leave these and, and come back again? Constanze Mozart: It's very tempting sir, but it's impossible, I'm afraid. Wolfgang would be frantic if he found those were missing, you see they're all originals. Antonio Salieri: Originals? Constanze Mozart: Yes, sir, he doesn't make copies. Antonio Salieri: These, are originals?

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: He was my idol. Mozart, I can't think of a time when I didn't know his name. I was still playing childish games and he was playing music for kings and emperors. Even the Pope in Rome! I admit I was jealous when I heard the tales they told about him. Not of the brilliant little prodigy himself, but of his father, who had taught him everything.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [to Father Vogel] So rose the dreadful ghost from his next and blackest opera. There, on the stage, stood the figure of a dead commander. And I knew, only I understood that the horrifying aparition was Leopold, raised from the dead! Wolfgang had actually summoned up his own father to accuse his son before all the world! It was terrifying and wonderful to watch. And now the madness began in me. The madness of the man splitting in half. Through my influence, I saw to it Don Giovanni was played only five times in Vienna. But in secret, I went to every one of those five, worshipping sounds I alone seem to hear. And hour after hour, as I stood there, understanding how that bitter old man was still possessing his poor son even from beyond the grave. I began to see a way, a terrible way, I could finally triumph over God.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: I heard the music of true forgiveness filling the theater, conferring on all who sat there, perfect absolution. God was singing through this little man to all the world, unstoppable, making my defeat more bitter with every passing bar.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [to Father Vogel] While my father prayed earnestly to God to protect commerce, I would offer up secretly the proudest prayer a boy could think of: "Lord, make me a great composer. Let me celebrate Your glory through music and be celebrated myself. Make me famous through the world, dear God. Make me immortal. After I die, let people speak my name forever with love for what I wrote. In return, I will give You my chastity, my industry, my deepest humility, every hour of my life, Amen." And do you know what happened? A miracle! [his Father chokes to Death at Dinner]

§Amadeus ¤ [first lines] Antonio Salieri: Mozart! Mozart, forgive your assassin! I confess, I killed you...

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: My father, he did not care for music. When I told him how I wished I could be like Mozart, he would say; "Why? Do you want to be a trained monkey? Would you like me to drag you around Europe, doing tricks like a circus freak?" [Salieri chuckles ruefully] Antonio Salieri: How could I tell *him*... what music meant to me?

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Why must I submit samples of my work to some stupid committee just to teach a thirteen-year-old girl? Count Von Strack: Because His Majesty wishes it. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Is the emperor angry with me? Count Von Strack: Quite the contrary. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Then why doesn't he simply appoint me to the post? Count Von Strack: Mozart, you are not the *only* composer in Vienna. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: No, but I'm the best!

§Amadeus ¤ Constanze Mozart: Wolfie, I think you really are going mad. You work like a slave for that idiot actor who won't give you a penny. And here, this is not a ghost! This is a real man who puts down real money. Why on earth won't you finish it? Can you give me one reason I can understand? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: It's killing me.

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [to Emperor Joseph II] Sire, only opera can do this. In a play if more than one person speaks at the same time, it's just noise, no one can understand a word. But with opera, with music... with music you can have twenty individuals all talking at the same time, and it's not noise, it's a perfect harmony!

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: "Confutatis maledictis" - when the wicked are confounded. "Flammis acribus dictis." How would you translate that? Antonio Salieri: Consigned to flames of woe. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Do you believe in it? Antonio Salieri: What? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: A fire which never dies, burning you forever? Antonio Salieri: Oh yes.

§Amadeus ¤ [addressing the complaints about the "improper" libretto for "Figaro"] Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Come on now, be honest! Which one of you wouldn't rather listen to his hairdresser than Hercules? Or Horatius, or Orpheus... people so lofty they sound as if they shit marble!

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [about the royal composer's position he did not get] Whom did they choose? Antonio Salieri: Herr Zummer. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Herr Zummer? But the man's a fool, he's a total mediocrity! Antonio Salieri: No, no, he has yet to achieve mediocrity.

§Amadeus ¤ [the Emperor offers the sheet music of Salieri's welcome march to Mozart] Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Keep it Majesty, if you want. It's already here in my head. Emperor Joseph II: What? On one hearing only? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: I think so, Sire, yes. Emperor Joseph II: Show us.

§Amadeus ¤ Emanuel Schikaneder: Look, I asked you if we could start rehearsals next week and you said yes. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Well, we can. Emanuel Schikaneder: So let me see it. Where is it? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Here. It's all right here in my noodle. The rest is just scribbling. Scribbling and bibbling, bibbling and scribbling.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: The restored third act was bold, brilliant. The fourth... was astounding.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: Mozart, it was good of you to come! Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: How could I not? Antonio Salieri: How... Did my work please you? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [hesitantly] I never knew that music like that was possible! Antonio Salieri: [uncertainly] You flatter me. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [insincerely] No, no! One hears such sounds, and what can one say but... Salieri!

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [of his great opera "Figaro"] Nine performances! Nine, that's all it's had! And withdrawn! Antonio Salieri: I know, I know, it's outrageous. Still, if the public doesn't like one's work, one has to accept the fact gracefully. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: But what is it that they don't like? Antonio Salieri: I can speak for the Emperor. You make too many demands on the royal ear. The poor man can't concentrate for more than an hour... you gave him four. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: What did you think of it yourself? Did you like it at all? Antonio Salieri: I thought it was marvelous. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Of course! It's the best opera yet written, I know it... why didn't they come? Antonio Salieri: I think you overestimate our dear Viennese, my friend. You know you didn't even give them a good *bang* at the end of songs, to let them know when to clap? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: I know, I know... maybe you should give me some lessons in that.

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [about Emperor Joseph II's musical tastes] Actually, the man had no ear at all. But what did it matter. He adored my music.

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: I am fed to the teeth with elevated themes! Old dead legends! Why must we go on forever writing about gods and legends? Baron Van Swieten: Because they do. They go on forever. Or at least what they represent. The eternal in us. Opera is here to ennoble us. You and me, just the same as His Majesty.

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: The whole thing is set in a harem, Majesty. In a seraglio. Count Orsini-Rosenberg: You mean in Turkey? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Yes, exactly. Count Orsini-Rosenberg: Then why especially does it have to be in German? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: It doesn't, especially. It could be in Turkish if you really want.

§Amadeus ¤ Emanuel Schikaneder: [to Mozart] Look, you little clown, do you know how many people I've hired for you? Do you know how many people are waiting? Constanze Mozart: [shouting] Leave him alone! He's doing his best! Emanuel Schikaneder: [to Mozart] I'm paying these people, don't you understand? I'm paying these people to wait while you do nothing! It's ridiculous! Constanze Mozart: You know what's ridiculous? Your libretto, that's what's ridiculous! Only an idiot would ask Wolfie to work on that stuff! 12-foot snakes, magic flutes? Emanuel Schikaneder: What's so intelligent about writing a Requiem mass? Constanze Mozart: Money! Money! Emanuel Schikaneder: She's mad, Wolfie. Write it down please. Just write it down on paper. It's no good to anybody in your head. To hell with your death mass.

§Amadeus ¤ Constanze Mozart: [to Mozart's father] May I offer you some tea, Herr Mozart? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Tea? Who wants tea? Let's go out! This calls for a feast. You don't want tea, do you, Papa? Constanze Mozart: Wolfie... Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: I know, let's go dancing! Papa loves parties, don't you? Constanze Mozart: Wolfie! Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: What? How can you be so boring? Tea...

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [suddenly realizing] My music... they started without me!

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: I actually threw the score on the fire, he made me so angry. Antonio Salieri: You burned the score? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: No, no. My wife took it out in time.

§Amadeus ¤ Count Orsini-Rosenberg: Italian is the proper language for opera. All educated people agree on that.

§Amadeus ¤ Archbishop Colloredo: [to Mozart's father] Your son is an unprincipled, spoiled, conceited brat!

§Amadeus ¤ Antonio Salieri: [to Father Vogel] That was Mozart. That! That giggling dirty-minded creature I had just seen, crawling on the floor!

§Amadeus ¤ Emperor Joseph II: Brava, madame! You are an ornament to our stage. Katerina Cavalieri: [smiling happily] Your Majesty!

§Amadeus ¤ [Mozart loses at musical chairs] Emanuel Schikaneder: Herr Mozart, why don't you name your son's penalty? Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Yes, Papa. Name it. Name it, I'll do anything you say. Anything. Leopold Mozart: I want you to come back to Salzburg with me, my son. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: Papa, the rule is you can only give a penalty that can be performed in the room. Leopold Mozart: I'm tired of this game, I don't want to play anymore. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: But my penalty! [jumping up and down like an angry child] Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: I've got to have a penalty!

§Amadeus ¤ Constanze Mozart: What are you doing here? Antonio Salieri: Your husband took sick. I brought him home. Constanze Mozart: But why you? Antonio Salieri: Because, madam, I was at hand.

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: It's unbelievable, the director has actually torn up a huge section of my music. They say I have to rewrite the opera. But it's perfect as it is! I can't rewrite what's perfect!

§Amadeus ¤ Count Orsini-Rosenberg: [about Mozart] A young man trying to impress beyond his abilities.

§Amadeus ¤ Katerina Cavalieri: I heard you met Herr Mozart. Antonio Salieri: News travels fast in Vienna. Katerina Cavalieri: And he's been commissioned to write an opera. Is it true? Antonio Salieri: Yes. Katerina Cavalieri: Is there a part in it for me? Antonio Salieri: No. Katerina Cavalieri: How do you know? Antonio Salieri: Do you know where it's set, my dear? Katerina Cavalieri: No. Antonio Salieri: In a harem. Katerina Cavalieri: What's that? Antonio Salieri: A brothel! Katerina Cavalieri: [shocked] Oh-h-h-h! Antonio Salieri: Come. Let's begin. Katerina Cavalieri: What does he look like? Antonio Salieri: Mozart? You might be disappointed. Katerina Cavalieri: Why? Antonio Salieri: Looks and talent don't always go together, Katerina Katerina Cavalieri: Looks don't concern me, maestro. Only talent interests a woman of taste.

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [trying on wigs] They're all so beautiful. Why don't have three heads? [laughs]

§Amadeus ¤ Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [speaking backwards] Say I'm sick. Say I'm sick! Constanze Mozart: Yes, you are. You are very sick. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: [chuckling] No-ho-ho! Say it backwards, shit-wit!

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: All right, that's enough! Look, we're all very impressed with Andy's new toy. Buzz: Toy? Woody: T-O-Y, Toy! Buzz: Excuse me, I think the word you're searching for is "Space Ranger". Woody: The word I'm searching for - I can't say, because there's preschool toys present.

§Toy Story ¤ [Woody finds Buzz dressed up as "Mrs. Nesbitt" and in the company of two headless dolls] Woody: What happened to you? Buzz: One minute you're defending the whole galaxy, and, suddenly, you find yourself sucking down darjeeling with Marie Antoinette... and her little sister. [chuckles nervously]

§Toy Story ¤ Sergeant: [about the second present Andy opens] It's... it's bedsheets! Mr. Potato Head: Who invited that kid?

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [through his voice box] Reach for the sky! Sid Phillips: Huh? Woody: This town ain't big enough for the two of us! Sid Phillips: What? Woody: Somebody's poisoned the waterhole! Sid Phillips: It's busted. Woody: Who are you calling busted, Buster? Sid Phillips: Huh? Woody: That's right! I'm talking to you, Sid Philips! We don't like being blown up, Sid. Or smashed, or torn apart. Sid Phillips: [hyperventilating] W-we? Woody: That's right, your toys! [Mutant Toys get up and surround the terrified Sid] Woody: From now on, you must take good care of your toys, because if you don't, we'll find out, Sid! Woody: [while turning head around slowly] We toys can see EVERYTHING! Woody: [speaking and moving] So play nice! [Sid screams, drops Woody and runs inside]

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: Hey, who's got my hat? Mr. Shark: [pops out right next to Woody, wearing his hat] Look, I'm Woody! Howdy, howdy, howdy! Woody: Ha-ha, ha-ha... [snatches his hat away] Woody: Gimme that!

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: [Woody, scared, walks backwards and he gets startled by Buzz. Buzz keeps talking to his "mission log"] And according to my navi-computer, the... Woody: [whispers] SHUT UP! Just shut up, you idiot! Buzz: Sheriff, this is no time to panic. Woody: This is a perfect time to panic! I'm lost, Andy is gone, they're gonna move from their house in two days, and it's all your fault! Buzz: My-my fault? If you hadn't pushed me out of the window in the first place... Woody: Oh, yeah? Well, if *you* hadn't shown up with your stupid little cardboard spaceship and taken away everything that was important to me...! Buzz: Don't talk to me about importance! Because of *you*, the future of this entire universe is in jeopardy! Woody: WHAT? What are you talkin' about? Buzz: Right now, poised at the edge of the galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire planet! I alone have information that reveals this weapon's only weakness. And *you*, my friend, are responsible for delaying my rendezvous with Star Command! Woody: [pause, then screams] YOU - ARE - A... *TOY*! You aren't the real Buzz Lightyear, you're... you're, you're an action figure! [holds hand up to eyes indicating something small] Woody: *You* are a child's *plaything*! Buzz: You are a sad, strange little man, and you have my pity. Buzz: [waves in military fashion] Farewell. [starts to walk away] Woody: Oh, yeah? Well, good riddance, ya loony! Woody: [walks off grumbling sarcastically] "Rendezvous with Star Command".

§Toy Story ¤ Mr. Potato Head: Hey, a laser! How come *you* don't have a laser, Woody? Woody: It's not a laser! It's a... [sighs in frustration] Woody: It's a little light bulb that blinks. Hamm: What's with him? Mr. Potato Head: Laser envy.

§Toy Story ¤ [Mr. Potato Head rearranges his facial features crazily] Mr. Potato Head: Hey, Hamm. Look, I'm Picasso! Hamm: I don't get it. Mr. Potato Head: You uncultured swine! What're you lookin' at, ya hockey puck?

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [whispering to Buzz from inside the Milk-crate, which he can't get out of since Sid placed a Toolbox on top of it] Psst! Hey Buzz! [No response. Woody throws a washer against Buzz' visor. Buzz slowly looks over] Woody: Hey! Get over here and see if you can get this toolbox off me! [Buzz looks away] Woody: Oh, come on Buzz. I can't do this without you. I need your help. Buzz: I can't help. I can't help anyone. Woody: Why sure you can, Buzz. You can get me out of here and then I'll get that rocket off you, and we'll make a break for Andy's house. Buzz: Andy's house. Sid's house. What's the difference? Woody: Buzz, you've had a big fall. You must not be thinking clearly! Buzz: No, Woody. For the first time, I *am* thinking clearly. You were right all along. I'm not a Space Ranger. I'm just a toy. A stupid, little, insignificant toy. Woody: Wait a minute. Being a toy is a lot better than being a Space Ranger. Buzz: Yeah, right. Woody: Not, it is! [points through the window to Andy's room] Woody: Look, over there in that house is a kid who thinks you are the greatest, and it's not because you're a Space Ranger, pal, it's because you're a toy. You are his toy! Buzz: [Buzz looks at his plastic parts and fake control panel] But why would Andy want me? Woody: [sighs] Why would Andy want you? Look at you! You're a Buzz Lightyear! Any other toy would give up his moving parts just to be you. You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that... that whoosh thing. You're a cool toy. As a matter of fact, you're too cool. I mean - what chance does a toy like me have against a Buzz Lightyear action figure. All I can do is this. [pulls his Pull String] Woody: [voice box] There's a snake in my boot! Woody: Why would Andy ever wanna play me me, when he's got you? I'm the one that should be strapped to that rocket. [Woody leans against the milk-crate, and Buzz looks at the sole of his foot with Andy's name printed on. He glances back at Woody with a look of determination across his face from the words Woody gave to him]

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: Hey, Buzz! You're flying! Buzz: This isn't flying, this is falling with style! Woody: [excitedly] To infinity and beyond!

§Toy Story ¤ [the toys are meeting Buzz for the first time] Hamm: So where you from? Singapore? Hong Kong? Buzz: Well, no. Actually, I-I'm-- I'm stationed up in the Gamma Quadrant of Sector Four. [as Buzz speaks, Woody looks down at the cardboard box and finds that everything that Buzz is saying is from the back of the box] Buzz: As a member of the elite Universe Protection Unit of the Space Ranger Corps, I protect the galaxy from the threat of invasion... from the evil Emperor Zurg, sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance! Mr. Potato Head: [nonplussed] Oh, really? I'm from Playskool. Rex: And I'm from Mattel. Well, I'm not really from Mattel. I'm actually from a smaller company that was purchased in a leveraged buyout.

§Toy Story ¤ [repeated line] Buzz: To infinity, and beyond!

§Toy Story ¤ [last lines] Woody: Buzz? Buzz Lightyear? You're not worried, are you? Buzz: Me? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Are you? [camera pans out] Woody: Now Buzz, what could Andy possibly get that is worse than you? Andy: [from downstairs] Oh, oh, what is it? What is it? Wow, a puppy! [camera zooms back in] Woody, Buzz: Heh, heh!

§Toy Story ¤ Rex: What if Andy gets another dinosaur? A mean one? I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection!

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: What's going on? Woody: Nothing that concerns you space man, just us toys. Buzz: I'd better have a look anyway. [he looks through Lenny the binoculars] Buzz: Why is that soldier strapped to an explosive device? Woody: [moves Lenny] That's why. Sid. Buzz: [seeing a dog] Sure is a hairy fella... Woody: [re-moving the binoculars] No, no, that's Scud, you idiot. *That* is Sid. Buzz: [Sid is laughing maniacally] You mean that happy child? Mr. Potato Head: That ain't no happy child! Rex: He tortures toys - just for fun!

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [thinks Buzz has gone crazy] I think you've had enough tea for today. Let's get you out of here, Buzz... Buzz: Don't ya get it? [points to a doll's hat on his head] Buzz: You see the hat? I am Mrs. Nes-bitt! [laughs hysterically] Woody: Snap out of it, Buzz! [opens Buzz's visor, slaps Buzz across the face with his detached arm, then closes the helmet] Buzz: [calmly] I-I-I'm, I'm sorry, I am just a little depressed, that's all. I can get through this. [breaks down again] Buzz: Oh, I'm a sham!

§Toy Story ¤ Mr. Potato Head: [noticing Woody calling from Sid's house] Son of a building block!It's Woody! Hamm: He's in the psycho's bedroom! Bo Peep: Woody? Woody: Boy, am I glad to see you guys! Slinky Dog: I knew you'd come back! Bo Peep: What are you doing over there? Woody: It's a long story, I'll explain later. Here! Catch this! [Woody throws a string of Christmas lights across to Andy's window, which Slinky grabs successfully] Slinky Dog: I got it! Woody: Good going Slink! Now tie it onto something! Mr. Potato Head: Wait, I have a better idea! How about we don't? [snatches the lights off Slinky] Slinky Dog: Hey! Bo Peep: Potato Head! Mr. Potato Head: Did you all take those Stupid Pills this morning? Have you forgotten what he did to Buzz? [the other toys shake their head] Mr. Potato Head: And now you wanna let him back over here? Woody: No, no. You got it all wrong Potato Head. Buzz is fine. Buzz is right here. He's with me. Mr. Potato Head: You are a liar! Woody: No i'm not! [calling to Buzz] Woody: Buzz, come over here and tell the nice toy's that you're not dead! [Buzz sits on the floor of Sid's Room, peeling off the sticker of his wrist communicator] Woody: Just a sec. Woody: [walks back into Sid's room and calls over to Buzz] Buzz, will you get up here and gimme a hand? [Buzz throws his broken-off arm to Woody] Woody: Ha-ha, ha-ha. That's real funny. THIS IS SERIOUS!

§Toy Story ¤ [Mr. Potato Head watches hopefully as Andy open birthday presents] Mr. Potato Head: Mrs. Potato Head, Mrs. Potato Head, Mrs. Potato Head... hey, I can dream, can't I?

§Toy Story ¤ Rex: Mr. Lightyear, now I'm curious... what does a space ranger actually do? Woody: He's not a space ran-*ger*! He doesn't fight evil or, or... shoot lasers or fly. Buzz: Excuse me. Buzz: [Buzz deploys his wings; all exclaim in excitement] Hamm: Wow. Impressive wingspan. Very good. Woody: Oh, what? What? These are plastic; he can't fly. Buzz: They are a terillium-carbonic alloy, and I *can* fly. Woody: No, you can't. Buzz: [sighs] Yes, I can. Woody: Can't. Buzz: Can. Woody: Can't, can't, ca-an't! Buzz: I tell you, I could fly around this room with my eyes closed! Woody: Okay, Mr. Light Beer, prove it. Buzz: All right then, I will. Stand back, everyone.

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: I've set my laser from stun to kill. Woody: Oh, great. If anyone attacks we can blink em' to death.

§Toy Story ¤ Alien #1: A stranger. Alien #2: From the outside. Aliens: Oooooooooooooooh. Buzz: Greetings, I am Buzz Lightyear. I come in peace. [all the Alien Toys gather around him]

§Toy Story ¤ [first lines] Andy: [playing with and mimicking the voices of his toys; holding Mr. Potato Head] All right, everyone! This... is a stick-up. Don't anybody move! Now empty that safe! [empties Hamm the piggy bank and coins fall out] Andy: Ooh, hoo hoo! Money, money, money! [has Potato Head "kiss" the money; as Bo Peep] Andy: Stop it! Stop it, you mean old potato! [as Potato Head] Andy: Quiet, Bo Peep! Or your sheep get run over! [as the sheep, on a toy car track] Andy: Help! Baaa! Help us! [as Bo Peep] Andy: Oh no! Not my sheep! Somebody do something! [brings Woody into view on his bed. In front of the other toys, he pulls Woody's string] Woody: [voice box] Reach for the sky! Andy: [as Mr. Potato Head] Oh no! Sheriff Woody! [as Woody] Andy: I'm here to stop you, One-eyed Bart! [pops off Mr. Potato Head's right eye; as Mr. Potato Head] Andy: D'oh! How'd you know it was me? [as Woody] Andy: Are you gonna come quietly? [as Mr. Potato Head] Andy: Ya can't touch me, Sheriff! I brought my Attack Dog, [Andy places down Slinky Dog] Andy: with a built-in force field! [as Woody] Andy: Well, I brought my dinosaur! [brings out Rex] Andy: Who eats force field dogs! [making sound effects first as Rex then as Slinky whom he drags away] Andy: Arr rawr rawr! Yipe, yipe-yipe-yipe! [as Woody] Andy: You're going to jail, Bart. Say goodbye to the wife and tater tots. [Andy places Mr. Potato Head in Molly's crib; she laughs and picks up Mr. Potato Head, and drools on him. His ear and arm fall near Woody] Andy: You saved the day again, Woody! [pulls Woody's string] Woody: [voice box] You're my favorite deputy!

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [running towards Buzz in a mocking sort of manner] Buzz! Oh, Buzz! Buzz Lightyear! Buzz Lightyear, thank goodness! We've got trouble! Buzz: Trouble? Where? Woody: Down there. Just down there. A helpless toy! It's - It's trapped, Buzz! Buzz: Then we've no time to lose. [Buzz jumps over to the side of the desk, while Woody sneaks over to RC's remote, waking him up, and aiming him directly at Buzz] Buzz: I don't see anything! Woody: Uh, he's there. Just - Just keep looking. [Woody sends RC driving towards Buzz. Buzz jumps out of the way, and RC crashes into the pin-up board in the corner, knocking all the pins down around Buzz. The board crashes down into Andy's globe, knocking it loose, rolling towards Buzz] Woody: [Buzz jumps out of the globe's way, onto the windowsill, but the globe strikes Andy's folding-arm desk lamp. It spins over Woody, who ducks out of the way, and hits Buzz, sending him flying out the window] Hamm, Mr. Potato Head: [stop their card game, and run over to the window in panic] BUZZ! Woody: Buzz! [Buzz flies into the bushes nearby and disappears] Slinky Dog: [the rest of Andy's toys gather round] I don't see him in the driveway. I think he bounced into Sid's Yard. [Woody gulps and backs away from the window after what happened]

§Toy Story ¤ Slinky Dog: [after Buzz gets knocked out the window and lands into the bushes nearby] Hey guys, RC's trying to tell us something. Rex: What is it Boy? R.C. the Race Car: [RC whirrs his wheels] Mr. Potato Head: He's saying that this is *no* accident! Bo Peep: What do you mean? Mr. Potato Head: I mean Humpty Dumpty was pushed, by Woody! [the toys all stare at Woody in shock] Woody: Wait a minute, You don't think I even meant to knock Buzz out the window, do you? Potato Head? Mr. Potato Head: That's Mr. Potato Head to *you* you backstabbing murderer! Woody: Now, guys, it was an accident. C'mon, you-you've gotta believe me. Slinky Dog: We believe ya, Woody. Right, Rex? Rex: [nervously] Well, I mean, uh, I don't like confrontations! Mr. Potato Head: Couldn't handle Buzz cutting on your playtime, could you Woody? Didn't wanna face the fact that Buzz might be Andy's *new* favourite toy. So you got rid of him. Well what if Andy starts playing with *me* more Woody, huh? You gonna knock me out the window too? Hamm: I don't think we should give him the chance.

§Toy Story ¤ [preparing for the toy mutiny] Woody: Wind the frog!

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: Tuesday night's plastic corrosion awareness meeting, was I think, a big success. We'd like to thank Mr. Spell for putting that on for us. Thank you Mr. Spell. Mr. Spell: [mechanically] You're. Welcome.

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: Terrain seems a bit unstable. No readout yet if the air is breathable. And there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere... Woody: [sneaks up on Buzz] Hello-o-o! Buzz: HO-YAH! [Woody screams. Buzz fires his "laser" at Woody] Woody: Hey hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Did I frighten you? Didn't mean to. Sorry. Howdy. My name... is Woody... and this... is Andy's room. That's all I wanted to say. And also, there has been a bit of a mix-up. This is my spot, see... the bed here. Buzz: [sees Woody's "Sheriff" star badge] Local law enforcement! It's about time you got here. I'm Buzz Lightyear, Space Ranger, Universe Protection Unit. My ship has crash-landed here by mistake. Woody: Yes, it is a mistake, because, you see, the bed here is my spot. Buzz: I need to repair my turbo boosters. Are you still using fossil fuels, or have you discovered crystallic fusion? Woody: Well, let's see, we got double-A's.

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: Hey, Etch... Draw! [Etch draws a picture of a gun] Woody: D'oh! Got me again! Etch, you've been working on that draw. Fastest knobs in the west.

§Toy Story ¤ [watching guests arrive for Andy's party] Rex: Any dinosaur-shaped ones? Hamm: Oh, for crying out loud, they're all in *boxes*, you idiot. Rex: They're getting bigger... Slinky Dog: Wait, there's a nice little one over there. [boy turns around, revealing the full length of the box he's carrying] Rex, Hamm, Slinky Dog: AAAAAHH!

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [after Buzz thinks that the air is toxic] You actually think you're THE Buzz Lightyear? Oh, all this time I thought it was an act! [to the rest of the toys] Woody: Hey, guys, look! It's the *real* Buzz Lightyear! Buzz: You're mocking me, aren't you? Woody: Oh no, no no no, no... [suddenly points behind Buzz] Woody: BUZZ, LOOK, AN ALIEN! Buzz: [looks] Where? [Woody doubles over with guffaws until we hear Sid's voice form an open window]

§Toy Story ¤ [Andy and his mom stop at the gas station] Andy: Can I help pump the gas? Andy's Mom: Suurrre, I'll even let you drive. Andy: Really? Andy's Mom: Yeah, when you're 16. Andy: Yup, yup, yup, very funny, Mom.

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: This is an intergalactic emergency. I need to commandeer your vessel to Sector 12. Who's in charge here? All Aliens: [pointing up] The clawwwwwwwww! Alien #1: The claw is our master. Alien #2: The claw chooses who will go and who will stay. Woody: This is ludicrous.

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: Listen, Lightsnack. You stay away from Andy. He's mine, and no one is taking him away from me. Buzz: What are you talking about? Where's that bonding strip? [slides under his ship with a skateboard] Woody: [pulls him back out] And another thing, *stop* with this *spaceman* thing! It's getting on my nerves. Buzz: Are you saying you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command? Woody: Oh-ho! O-okay, ooh, well, so you wanna do it the hard way, huh? Buzz: [gets out from under his ship] Don't even think about it, cowboy. Woody: Oh yeah, tough guy? [pushes Buzz' round red button and opens his visor. Buzz chokes the "Toxic Air" around him. Woody looks around, unsure how to react] Buzz: [sniffs] The air isn't toxic? [gets up and points accusingly at Woody] Buzz: How dare you open a spaceman's helmet on an uncharted planet! My eyeballs could've been sucked from their sockets! [closes his visor]

§Toy Story ¤ Mr. Potato Head: [From in the Cardboard box they'd been placed in for Moving] How did I get stuck with *you* as a moving buddy? Rex: Everyone else was picked.

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: Years of Academy training wasted.

§Toy Story ¤ Alien: [after being selected by The Claw] I have been chosen! Farewell, my friends. I go on to a better place.

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: Hey! Who moved my doodle pad way over here? Rex: [jumps in front of Woody] ROAR! Woody: Hey, how ya doin', Rex. Rex: [stops roaring] Were you scared? Tell me honestly. Woody: I was close to being scared that time. Rex: I'm going for fearsome here, but I just don't feel it! I'm think I'm just coming off as annoying.

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: [about Sid] I don't believe that man's ever been to medical school!

§Toy Story ¤ Sid Phillips: [reading warning on rocket] "Extremely dangerous. Keep out of reach of children." Cool! What am I gonna blow? Hey where's that wimpy cowboy doll? [Woody hides inside the milk crate. Sid searching for Woody spots the milk crate and picks it up to find nothing] Sid Phillips: [Sid continues to search as Woody clings to the inside of the crate, and steps on Buzz lying on the floor] Yes, I've always wanted to send a spaceman into orbit. [Side puts the Milk Crate Woody had been hiding in onto a nearby desk. Woody watches in horror as Sid straps the Explosive Rocket onto Buzz with Duct Tape] Sid Phillips: [noticing a lightning strike outside] Oh no! Sid Phillips: [walking over to the window and bangs his head against it in frustration] Aww man! [Sid places Buzz on the desk next to Woody, and starts up his alarm clock] Sid Phillips: Sid Phillips reporting. Launch of shuttle has been delayed due to adverse weather conditions at the Launch Site. Tomorrow's forecast: sunny, Ha, ha, ha! Sweet dreams!

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: [in Sid's backpack, approaching his home] Sheriff, I can see your indwelling from here. You're almost home. Alien: Nirvana is coming, the mystic portal awaits. Woody: Will you be quiet? You guys don't get it, do you? Once we go into Sid's house, we won't be coming out!

§Toy Story ¤ Sid Phillips: [talking in his sleep] I wanna ride the pony...

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [while everyone else is scared by the long, thin present one of Andy's guests is bringing] All right, all right! If I send out the troops, will you all calm down? Rex: [yells] Yes, yes! We promise! Woody: Okay! Save your batteries.

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [from inside the milk-crate] Listen Buzz, forget about me. You should get outta here while you can. [Woody looks over to see that Buzz has disappeared. Suddenly the milk-crate he's in begins to shake. He notices Buzz trying to push the toolbox off] Woody: Buzz! What are you doing? I thought you were... Buzz: Come on, Sheriff. There's a kid in that house who needs us. Now let's get you out of this thing. [both Woody and Buzz push against the milk-crate, which budges very slowly. As the sun rises, Woody and Buzz notice the moving van pull into Andy's driveway] Buzz: Woody! It's the moving van! Woody: We've gotta get out of here, now! [Buzz manages to push the milk-crate for enough to the edge of the desk for Woody to hop out of, and onto the floor, but Buzz doesn't notice] Woody: Buzz! Hey, I'm out! Buzz: [continuing to push the crate] Almost there! [the toolbox and the milk-crate fall off the desk, and land right ontop of Woody] Buzz: [noticing Sid still asleep, then runs to the edge of the desk] Woody! Are you alright? Woody: [lifting up the toolbox that fell on top of him] I'm fine... I'm OK. [Sid's alarm clock rings, as Woody hides back under the milk-crate] Sid Phillips: [waking up] Oh yeah! Time for lift off! [Sid grabs Buzz and runs out the door. Woody tries to run after Sid, only to find his dog, Scud, right outside, who runs out at Woody, only to be shut out just in time]

§Toy Story ¤ Buzz: I am Buzz Lightyear; I come in peace. Rex: [shaking Buzz's hand] Oh, I'm so glad you're not a dinosaur!

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [coming to life for the first time in the film] Pull my string! The birthday party's today? Okay everybody, the coast is clear!

§Toy Story ¤ Sergeant: [he and the other green soldiers leap out of the bucket onto Woody] There he is, men! Get him! Mr. Potato Head: Let's string him up by his pull string! [he and the other toys, apart from Slinky and Bo Peep rush on over toy Woody, and attempt to throw him out] Bo Peep: Would you boys stop it? Andy: Okay, Mom, I'll be right down; I've gotta get Buzz. [all the toys return to their places as Andy enters his room, looking for Buzz] Andy: Mom, do you know where Buzz is? Andy's Mom: No, I haven't seen him. [Mr. Potato Head looks grimly from behind Etch, having drawn a hangman noose] Andy's Mom: Andy, I'm heading out the door! Andy: But Mom, I can't find him! Andy's Mom: Well honey, just grab some other toy; now, come on! Andy: [picks up Woody and heads to the car] Okay.

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: [the Mutant Toys in Sid's Room start to surround Buzz] Buzz! Go away, you disgusting freaks! [Woody screams as he shields Buzz's arm from Babyface which grabs Buzz's arm from Woody] Woody: All back! Back, you cannibals! [Woody screams again as he loses his grip on Buzz's arm, which sends him flying to the wall, he wakes up and attacks the mutant toys] Woody: He's still alive and you're not getting him, you monsters. [Woody sees that Buzz's arm is attached to its socket with the help of The Mutant Toys] Woody: Hey, they fixed you? But... but they're cannibals, we saw them eat other toys. [the Pterodactyl and Janie Doll from earlier on are shown to be alright, back on their correct bodies] Woody: Uh, sorry. We thought you're gonna... you know... eat my friend. [the Mutant Toys get scared away] Woody: No, no, no, no, wait. What's wrong? Sid's Mom: Sid? Sid Phillips: Not right now, Mom. I'm busy! Woody: Sid! Buzz, get up! Use our legs! Fine, let Sid trash but don't blame me!

§Toy Story ¤ Sid Phillips: [torturing Woody with a magnifying glass] Where are your rebel friends now? Sid's Mom: [offscreen, downstairs] Sid! Your Pop-Tarts are ready! Sid Phillips: [running off] All right!

§Toy Story ¤ Woody: Hey uh, Slinky? Slinky Dog: [with a checker board] Right here, Woody. I'm red this time. Woody: No, Slink... Slinky Dog: All right, you can be red if you want. Woody: Not now, Slink. I've got some bad news. Slinky Dog: [shouts] Bad news? Woody: Shhh! [all the toys freeze] Woody: Gather everyone for a staff meeting and be happy. Slinky Dog: Got it. [walks away slowly with his head down] Woody: Be happy! Slinky Dog: [laughs hysterically]

§Toy Story ¤ Sid Phillips: Hannah! Hey, Hannah! Hannah: What? Sid Phillips: Did I get my package in the mail? Hannah: [shrugs] I don't know. Sid Phillips: [demanding] What do you mean, you don't know? Hannah: I DON'T KNOW.

§Das Boot ¤ Lt. Werner: Captain? Captain: I'm sorry. Lt. Werner: You think it's hopeless now? Captain: It's been 15 hours. He'll never do it. I'm sorry. Lt. Werner: They made us all train for this day. "To be fearless and proud and alone. To need no one, just sacrifice. All for the Fatherland." Oh God, all just empty words. It's not the way they said it was, is it? I just want someone to be with. The only thing I feel is afraid.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: They won't catch us this time! Not this time! They haven't spotted us! No, they're all snoring in their bunks! Or, you know what? They're drinking at the bar, celebrating our sinking! Not yet, my friends. Not yet!

§Das Boot ¤ [Werner takes pictures of the watch officers on the conning tower] Captain: Take pictures of the crew returning, not putting out to sea. Lt. Werner: Why? Captain: They'll have grown beards by then. It would shame the Tommies to see mere boys give them Hell. Baby faces. Ones that should still suck mama's breast. [pause] Captain: I feel ancient around these kids, like I'm on some Children's Crusade.

§Das Boot ¤ [Chief Bosun enters the torpedo room, which has been dressed up as a red light room] Chief Bosun: QUIET IN THIS WHOREHOUSE! [the crew falls silent] Chief Bosun: Bad news, men. Ario: What's wrong? Chief Bosun: [pause] Schalke lost the game. 5-0. No more chance of making the semi-finals. [exits] Ario: [throws a can at the bulkhead] I can't believe this shit!

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: ALARM!

§Das Boot ¤ Johann: Captain, I wish to apologize. Captain: You can't just apologize, Johann. You left your battle station at a critical moment. Also, you disobeyed my command. Johann: Will I be court-martialed? Captain: How many patrols have you done? Johann: It's my ninth. Captain: Why you? Johann: It was a mistake. I didn't... It was... It... All of a sudden... As if... It won't ever happen again, sir. You can depend on it. I swear. Captain: It's all right, Johann. Johann: No court-martial? Captain: [nods] Get some sleep. [Johann exits. The Captain adds "Decision, return to La Rochelle" to the log book]

§Das Boot ¤ 2nd Lieutenant: Mildew is good for you. It's the next best thing to fresh lettuce. Be thankful for what grows down here.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: Okay, men, now listen. We're going to blow out the water now and see if we can get our rear ends out of the sand. If we make it to the surface, things could still get pretty rough. Traffic's heavy up there. And we have to pray the engines start, so we can get out of this mess. The condition the boat is in, we have got to head straight for La Rochelle. If we make it... it's half a bottle of beer for each! There is one thing on our side; they won't be expecting us. Well men, all set? The Crew: [in unison] Jawohl, Herr Kaleun!

§Das Boot ¤ Pilgrim: Hey, have you got any hairs up your nose? Frenssen: Why? Pilgrim: I've got some up my ass. Maybe we can tie them together?

§Das Boot ¤ [the crew has finished resupplying, so fresh food is everywhere] Kriechbaum: Hey! Move this stuff now! Clear the map! I can't navigate on bananas!

§Das Boot ¤ 2nd Lieutenant: First time on U-boat? Lt. Werner: Yeah. First time. It's gonna be exciting. 2nd Lieutenant: Do you have a will? Lt. Werner: Excuse Me? 2nd Lieutenant: 13 boats down last moth. Sank with men and mice. Exciting, huh?

§Das Boot ¤ Captain of the 'Weser': So, what's it like down there, in a submarine? Der Leitende: It's... quiet. Captain of the 'Weser': Quiet? Hmm.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: April fool. Practice makes perfect.

§Das Boot ¤ Lt. Werner: What's going on? Why are we diving? 2nd Lieutenant: Hydrophone check. At sea, even in a storm you can hear more down here than you can see up there.

§Das Boot ¤ [Johann climbs up to the bridge, places himself between Kriechbaum and Lt. Werner. Sniffs the air] Lt. Werner: It's good for you, fresh air, right Johann? Johann: [Spits] Nah. [Johann climbs back down in the ship] Kriechbaum: They're strange, these engine-room people.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: Phillip, the old bunch is gone. Look at these new heroes. All wind and smoke. Just big mouths. Thomsen: Yeah, yeah. They keep together, balls in hand. And the belief in our Führer in their eyes. Captain: They will know in time.

§Das Boot ¤ [the officers of U-96 enter the Weser's main cabin. The 1WO is the only one with his full dress uniform on] Captain of the 'Weser': [to 1WO] Welcome aboard the Weser, Herr Kapitänleutnant. [2WO stifles a laugh] 1st Lieutenant: No, not me. This is the Captain. Captain of the 'Weser': [to the Captain] Ah. My apologies.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: I'm sorry. Lt. Werner: Is it hopeless? Captain: It's been 15 hours. He's not going to pull it off. I'm sorry. Lt. Werner: I asked for it. 'To be heading into the inexorable... where no mother will care for us... no woman crosses our path... where only reality reigns... with cruelty and grandeur.' I was drunk with those words. Well, this is reality.

§Das Boot ¤ 2nd Lieutenant: The boat is rated to 90 metres, but of course we can go deeper. There's a limit somewhere. We can only take so much pressure... before the boat will be crushed.

§Das Boot ¤ [U-96 puts to sea among cheering crowds. Thomsen pulls up in his car] Capt. Lt. Philipp Thomsen: Hail and victory and sink 'em all!

§Das Boot ¤ Heinrich: Noooo! Second contact closing fast, bearing 076! Captain: Damn them! Another one!

§Das Boot ¤ Kriechbaum: [to Werner] The Mediterranean. They're fools. It's perfect prospects for drowning.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: [looking at one of the LI's pictures] Funny. I haven't seen snow in years.

§Das Boot ¤ Ullman: We'll have Christmas in ltaly. Ario: We've got to get there first! Ullman: So? Ario: Gibraltar! Use your brain, you idiot! That strait... It's like the eye of a needle. We'll never slip through there.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: Our patrol planes! Where are they? Answer that one, Herr Goering! The British have plenty of them! Talking big is all he's good for, that fat slob.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: You have to have good men. Good men, all of them.

§Das Boot ¤ [first lines] Captain: Out boatswain's mate. Been on quite a bender tonight.

§Das Boot ¤ [the Captain and Lieutenant Werner escort Thomsen out of the men's room] Capt. Lt. Philipp Thomsen: I... really wanted to screw my brains out. But now, I am in no condition to fuck! Captain: It's alright! Capt. Lt. Philipp Thomsen: Sieg Heil!

§Das Boot ¤ Ullman: [writing a letter] Dearest Françoise, this is my fourteenth letter to you, but you have yet to see one.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: [over PA] Now hear this. We're in pursuit of a convoy being tracked by U-32. Expect contact at 1800 hours. That is all. [the crew cheers] Schwalle: We'll finally be able to get rid of these beauties! They're all ready for blast-off!

§Das Boot ¤ [U-96 is heading towards a nearby convoy contact] Captain: [to Werner] More than 30 freighters! Berthold better not attack now. It's best to stay close and wait until the other boats arrive. For me, there is nothing finer than a submarine... and sailboats. There are no lines more beautiful than that of a sailboat. I sailed on a three-masted schooner once. Wonderful ship. Roomy. It had holds as big as churches! [the Captain and Werner laugh]

§Das Boot ¤ [the sounds of torpedoes detonating and sinking ships has subsided] Captain: Now it's their turn.

§Das Boot ¤ [during the storm, a wave hits the conning tower and Kriechbaum notices that Pilgrim is missing] Kriechbaum: [looking aft] Man overboard! Pilgrim: [screaming while he holds on to railing by the flak gun] Kriechbaum: Pilgrim! [gets to Pilgrim, then carries him back down into the boat]

§Das Boot ¤ Ario: [the engines have restarted] They're... they're running. I think they're running! Der Leitende: Who says you can't make something out of nothing? [the LI laughs a nervous, giddy, girly giggle]

§Das Boot ¤ Chief Bosun: [after Lieutenant Werner gets a oily rag thrown in his face] Who did that?... WHO DID THAT?

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: Not bad in here, is it? No mail, no telephone. Solid wood paneling. Well-ventilated boat. Free food, too. "Rolling in clover" we are. Der Leitende: ...Like fresh horse-droppings. They're "Rolling in clover" as well. They have no need to make a living. They're even allowed to smoke.

§Das Boot ¤ [Heinrich and two other crewmen carry Kriechbaum to the conning tower ladder] Kriechbaum: Thank you, Heinrich. Heinrich: Don't mention it. Look, the sun's still shining. [shouting] Heinrich: Lift him!

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: Do you have a sense of romantic? Lt. Werner: Excuse me? Captain: There, the empty house next to the warehouse, is that for you? Lt. Werner: Not that I would know, isn't that area out of bounds? Captain: Oh yes.

§Das Boot ¤ [the Chief Bosun and Werner enter the petty officer's quarters] Pilgrim: Morning, Lieutenant. Chief Bosun: So, the petty officers sleep here. Twelve men. When one's on duty, the other sleeps in his stink. [Pilgrim and Frenssen laugh] Chief Bosun: Yeah. And here is your bunk. Just for you. Our guest. Pilgrim: [gives Werner his pouncho] Here you go, Lieutenant. Frenssen: [throws Werner an oxygen mask] Oh, this is your oxygen mask. Very important. Pilgrim: Not much good except for calm seas. Frenssen: It does come in handy when the diesel reaks. [Chief Bosun and Pilgrim laugh] Pilgrim: Or when Frenssen farts! [Chief Bosun, Pilgrim, and Frenssen laugh harder while Werner has discomfort all over his face]

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: [entering the bar with Werner and the LI] Merkel's boys. They ship out tomorrow, too. Scared fuckers. They need sex as much as the infantry needs alcohol.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: Not yet, Kameraden! Not yet!

§Das Boot ¤ Bockstiegel: That'll burn fuel, huh? Der Leitende: Asshole.

§Das Boot ¤ Capt. Lt. Philipp Thomsen: Alarm! Shit! Lousy eels.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: I demand proper reports!

§Das Boot ¤ [last lines] [La Rochelle is under attack. Werner and the crew take refuge in the U-boat bunker; several of the men are injured] 1st Lieutenant: Come over here! We need help! Schwalle: Medic! Medic!

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: You left your battle station at a critical time. Also, you disobeyed my order. Johann: Will l be court-martialed? Captain: How many war patrols for you? Johann: It's my ninth. Captain: You, of all people, Johann.

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: Here in the middle of the sea, it's always another story. I hope you're taking notes. Maybe you can clue headquarters in. Lt. Werner: Surely, you have more connections than me. Captain: You think so, huh?

§Das Boot ¤ Monique: [English Dubbed] Of course, Captain, right away!

§Das Boot ¤ Captain: [Captain looks at the birds overhead] Damn beasts! [Discovers the watchman's yawning] Captain: Nay Nay Nay The Crew: Excuse me, Captain. Captain: If you can't handle it, don't do it. [pause] Captain: Were you part of it? Fireboat drill? The Crew: [hesitate] Yes, captain. Captain: [Smile] At least you can aim.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: Every man dies, not every man really lives.

§Braveheart ¤ Malcolm Wallace: Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: And if this is your army, why does it go? Veteran: We didn't come here to fight for them! Young Soldier: Home! The English are too many! William Wallace: Sons of Scotland! I am William Wallace. Young Soldier: William Wallace is seven feet tall! William Wallace: Yes, I've heard. Kills men by the hundreds. And if HE were here, he'd consume the English with fireballs from his eyes, and bolts of lightning from his arse. [Scottish army laughs] William Wallace: I am William Wallace! And I see a whole army of my countrymen, here in defiance of tyranny. You've come to fight as free men... and free men you are. What will you do with that freedom? Will you fight? Veteran: Fight? Against that? No! We will run. And we will live. William Wallace: Aye, fight and you may die. Run, and you'll live... at least a while. And dying in your beds, many years from now, would you be willin' to trade ALL the days, from this day to that, for one chance, just one chance, to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take... OUR FREEDOM! William Wallace: [yelling, in Latin] Scotland forever

§Braveheart ¤ [last lines] William Wallace: [voiceover] In the Year of our Lord 1314, patriots of Scotland - starving and outnumbered - charged the fields of Bannockburn. They fought like warrior poets; they fought like Scotsmen, and won their freedom.

§Braveheart ¤ Robert the Bruce: [his last line, to the Scots] You have bled with Wallace. [unsheathes his sword] Robert the Bruce: NOW BLEED WITH *ME*!

§Braveheart ¤ Robert the Bruce: Lands, titles, men, power, nothing. Robert's Father: Nothing? Robert the Bruce: I have nothing. Men fight for me because if they do not, I throw them off my land and I starve their wives and their children. Those men who bled the ground red at Falkirk, they fought for William Wallace, and he fights for something that I never had. And I took it from him, when I betrayed him. I saw it in his face on the battlefield and it's tearing me apart. Robert's Father: All men betray. All lose heart. Robert the Bruce: I don't want to lose heart. I want to believe as he does.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: We all end up dead, it's just a question of how and why.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: There's a difference between us. You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position. I think your position exists to provide those people with freedom. And I go to make sure that they have it.

§Braveheart ¤ Stephen: [to William Wallace] The Almighty tells me he can get me out of this mess, but he's pretty sure you're fucked.

§Braveheart ¤ [to Longshanks] Princess Isabelle: You see? Death comes to us all. But before it comes to you, know this: your blood dies with you. A child who is not of your line grows in my belly. Your son will not sit long on the throne. I swear it.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: It's all for nothing if you don't have freedom.

§Braveheart ¤ Guard: Volunteers comin' in! Faudron: [kneels] William Wallace, we've come to fight and to die for you. William Wallace: Stand up, man, I'm not the Pope. Faudron: [smiles and stands] My name is Faudron. My sword is yours. I brought you this. [reaches for something, Hamish tries to stop him] Guard: We checked 'em for arms. Faudron: I brought you this. [pulls out a sash] Faudron: My wife made it for you. William Wallace: Thank you. Stephen: [starts laughing] Him? That can't be William Wallace. I'm *prettier* than this man! [to the sky] Stephen: Alright, Father, I'll ask him. [to William] Stephen: If I risk my neck for you, will I get a chance to kill Englishmen? Hamish: Is your father a ghost, or do you converse with the Almighty? Stephen: In order to find his equal, an Irishman is forced to talk to God. [to the sky] Stephen: Yes, Father! [to Hamish] Stephen: The Almight says, "Don't change the subject, just answer the fuckin' question." Hamish: Mind your tongue. Campbell: Insane Irish. Stephen: [draws a dagger on Campbell; everyone draws weapons] Smart enough to get a dagger past your guards, old man. William Wallace: That's my friend, Irishman. And the answer to your question is "yes". You fight for me, you get to kill the English. Stephen: [grins] Excellent! [removes his dagger] Stephen: Stephen is my name. I the most wanted man on my island, except I'm not on my island, of course. More's the pity. Hamish: "Your island"? You mean Ireland? Stephen: Yeah. It's mine. Hamish: You're a madman. Stephen: [nods and starts laughing, then Hamish does as well] I've come to the right place, then.

§Braveheart ¤ Princess Isabelle: The king desires peace. William Wallace: Longshanks desires peace? Princess Isabelle: He declares it to me, I swear it. He proposes that you withdraw your attack. In return he grants you title, estates, and this chest of gold which I am to pay to you personally. William Wallace: A lordship and titles. Gold. That I should become Judas? Princess Isabelle: Peace is made in such ways. William Wallace: Slaves are made in such ways. The last time Longshanks spoke of peace I was a boy. And many Scottish nobles, who would not be slaves, were lured by him under a flag of truce to a barn, where he had them hanged. I was very young, but I remember Longshanks' notion of peace.

§Braveheart ¤ Murron: You're going to teach me to read, then? William Wallace: Aye, if you'd like. Murron: Aye! William Wallace: In what language? Murron: Ah, you're showing off now. William Wallace: That's right. Are you impressed yet? Murron: No. Why? Should I be? William Wallace: Oui. Parce que chaque jour j'ai pensé à toi. [Yes. Because every single day I've thought about you] Murron: [hesitates, impressed despite herself, then smiles] Do that standing on your head and I'll be impressed. William Wallace: Well, my kilt will fly up, but I'll try.

§Braveheart ¤ Young William: I can fight. Malcolm Wallace: I know. I know you can fight. But it's our wits that make us men.

§Braveheart ¤ Royal Magistrate: The prisoner wishes to say a word. William Wallace: [shouts loud and long] Freedom!

§Braveheart ¤ Hamish: Some men are longer than others. Campbell: Your mother been telling ya stories about me again, eh?

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: [praying before his execution] Give me the strength to die well.

§Braveheart ¤ Princess Isabelle: I understand you have suffered. I know... about your woman. William Wallace: [pauses] She was my wife. We married in secret because I would not share her with an English lord. They killed her to get to me. I've never spoken of it, I don't know why I tell you now, except... I see her strength in you. One day, you'll be a queen. And you must open your eyes. You tell your king that William Wallace will *not* be ruled... and nor will any Scot while I live.

§Braveheart ¤ Nicolette: [in French] Englishmen don't know what a tongue is for.

§Braveheart ¤ Stephen: Fine speech. Now what do we do? William Wallace: Just be yourselves. Hamish: Where are you going? William Wallace: I'm going to pick a fight. Hamish: Well, we didn't get dressed up for nothing.

§Braveheart ¤ Hamish: Personal escort of the princess. William Wallace: Aye. Hamish: Musta made an impression. William Wallace: Aye. Hamish: I didn't think you were in the tent that long.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: Go back to England and tell them there that Scotland's daughters and her sons are yours no more. Tell them Scotland is free.

§Braveheart ¤ [Lord Bottoms had claimed the right of Prima Nocte and raped Morrison's bride on the first night of their marriage] Morrison: Do you remember me? Lord Bottoms: [scared] I never did her any harm. It was my right! Morrison: Your right? Well, I'm here to claim the right of a husband! [kills Lord Bottoms]

§Braveheart ¤ Young William: What are they doin'? Argyle Wallace: Saying goodbye in their own way. Playing outlawed tunes on outlawed pipes.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: Before we let you leave, your commander must cross that field, present himself before this army, put his head between his legs, and kiss his own arse.

§Braveheart ¤ Longshanks: Not my gentle son. The mere sight of him would only encourage an enemy to take over the whole country. So whom do I send?

§Braveheart ¤ Longshanks: Archers. English Commander: I beg pardon, sire. Won't we hit our own troops? Longshanks: Yes... but we'll hit theirs as well. We have reserves. Attack.

§Braveheart ¤ [after killing a would-be assassin] Stephen: I didn't like him anyway. He wasn't right in the head.

§Braveheart ¤ King's Advisor: [to Princess] Sanguinarius homo indomitus est, et se me dite cum mendacia. [He is a bloody murdering savage. And he's telling lies] William Wallace: Ego nunquam pronunciari mendacium! Sed ego sum homo indomitus. [I never lie. But I am a savage] William Wallace: [to Princess] Ou en français, si vous préférez? [Or in French if you prefer?]

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: Lower your flags and march straight back to England, stopping at every home you pass by to beg forgiveness for a hundred years of theft, rape, and murder. Do that and your men shall live. Do it not, and every one of you will die today.

§Braveheart ¤ Robert the Bruce: I'm not a coward. I want what you want, but we need the nobles. William Wallace: We need them? Robert the Bruce: Aye. William Wallace: Nobles. [laughs a little] William Wallace: Now tell me, what does that mean to be noble? Your title gives you claim to the throne of our country, but men don't follow titles, they follow courage. Now our people know you. Noble, and common, they respect you. And if you would just lead them to freedom, they'd follow you. And so would I

§Braveheart ¤ Argyle Wallace: Did the priest give a poetic benediction? "The Lord bless thee and keep thee...? Young William: It was in Latin. Argyle Wallace: You don't speak Latin? Well that's something we shall have to remedy, isn't it?

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: [seeing the spirit of his wife] I'm dreaming. Murron: Yes, you are. And you must wake. William Wallace: [pause] I don't want to wake. I want to stay here with you.

§Braveheart ¤ Longshanks: What news of the North? Prince Edward: Nothing new, Your Majesty. We've sent riders to speed any word. Longshanks: I heard the word in France where I was fighting to expand your future kingdom. The word, my son, is that our entire Northern Army is *annihilated*.

§Braveheart ¤ Robert's Father: At last, you know what it means to hate. Now you're ready to be a king. Robert the Bruce: My hate will die with you.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: I love you. Always have. I wanna marry you.

§Braveheart ¤ Stephen: The Almighty says this must be a fashionable fight. It's drawn the finest people.

§Braveheart ¤ Argyle Wallace: First, learn to use [taps William's forehead] Argyle Wallace: this. Then I'll teach you to use [lifts the sword] Argyle Wallace: this.

§Braveheart ¤ Robert the Bruce: I respect what you said, but remember that these men have lands and castles. It's much to risk. William Wallace: And the common man, who bleeds on the battlefield, does he risk less?

§Braveheart ¤ [William has asked Murron to go riding with him in the rain] Mother MacClannough: In this? You're out of your mind! William Wallace: Oh, it's good Scottish weather, madam. The rain is falling straight down. Well, slightly to the side like.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: Why do you help me? Princess Isabelle: Because of the way you are looking at me now.

§Braveheart ¤ Campbell: I'm dying. Let me be. Hamish: No. You're going to live. Campbell: I've lived long enough to live free. Proud to see you become the man you are. I'm a happy man.

§Braveheart ¤ Princess Isabelle: I understand you have recently been given the rank of knight. William Wallace: I have been given nothing. God makes men what they are.

§Braveheart ¤ Longshanks: Who is this person who speaks to me as though I needed his advice? Prince Edward: I have declared Phillip my high counselor. Longshanks: Is he qualified? Phillip: I am skilled in the arts of war and military tactics, Sire. Longshanks: Are you? Then tell me, what advice would you offer on the present situation? [Longshanks throws Philip through an open window to his death]

§Braveheart ¤ Longshanks: The trouble with Scotland is that it's full of Scots.

§Braveheart ¤ Longshanks: Scottish rebels have routed one of my garrisons and murdered the noble lord. Prince Edward: I heard. This Wallace is a brigand, nothing more. Longshanks: And how would you deal with this 'brigand?' Prince Edward: Like any common thief. Have the local magistrate arrest him and punish him accordingly. Longshanks: [to all] Leave us. [room clears, then Longshanks strikes the Prince] Longshanks: Wallace has already killed the magistrate, and taken control of the town!

§Braveheart ¤ Robert's Father: I'm the one who's rotting, but I think your face looks graver than mine. Son, we must have alliance with England to prevail here. You achieved that. You saved your family; increased your land. In time you will have all the power in Scotland. Robert the Bruce: Lands, titles, men, power... Nothing. Robert's Father: Nothing? Robert the Bruce: I have nothing. Men fight for me because if they do not, I throw them off my land and I starve their wives and children. Those men who bled the ground red at Falkirk fought for William Wallace. He fights for something that I never had. And I took it from him when I betrayed him. I saw it in his face on the battlefield and it's tearing me apart. Robert's Father: All men betray. All lose heart. Robert the Bruce: I don't want to lose heart! I want to believe as he does... I will never be on the wrong side again.

§Braveheart ¤ King's Advisor: Milord, the princess might be taken hostage or her life be put in jeopardy. Longshanks: Oh, my son would be most distressed by that. Uh, but in truth, if she were to be killed, we would soon find the king of France a useful ally against the Scots. You see, as king, you must find the good in any situation.

§Braveheart ¤ William Wallace: I came back home to raise crops, and God willing, a family. If I can live in peace, I will.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Steve Rogers: I can do this all day. Steve Rogers: Yeah, I know.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: I love you 3000.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: Hey, you said one out of fourteen million, we'd win, yeah? Tell me this is it. Doctor Strange: If I tell you what happens, it won't happen.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Natasha Romanoff: If we don't get that stone, billions of people stay dead. Clint Barton: Then I guess we both know who it's got to be. Natasha Romanoff: I guess we do. Clint Barton: I'm starting to think we mean different people here, Natasha. Natasha Romanoff: For the last five years I've been trying to do one thing, get to right here. That's all it's been about. Bringing everybody back. Clint Barton: Oh, don't you get all decent on me now. Natasha Romanoff: What, you think I want to do it? I'm trying to save *your* life, you idiot. Clint Barton: Yeah, well, I don't want you to, how's that? Natasha, you know what I've done. You know what I've become. Natasha Romanoff: Well, I don't judge people on their worst mistakes. Clint Barton: Maybe you should. Natasha Romanoff: You didn't. Clint Barton: You're a pain in my ass, you know that? [they lean their heads together affectionately] Clint Barton: Okay. You win. Clint Barton: [he suddenly throws her down] Tell my family I love them. Natasha Romanoff: [she pushes him off and tasers him] Tell them yourself.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: [about Natasha] Did she have any family? Steve Rogers: Yeah. Us.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Steve Rogers: Avengers! Assemble.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Rocket: What did you do? Thor: I went for the head.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: Everybody wants a happy ending. Right? But it doesn't always roll that way. Maybe this time. I'm hoping if you play this back, it's in celebration. I hope families are reunited, I hope we get it back and something like a normal version of the planet has been restored, if there ever was such a thing. God, what a world. Universe, now. If you told me ten years ago that we weren't alone, let alone, you know, to this extent, I mean, I wouldn't have been surprised, but come on. The epic forces of dark and light that have come in to play. And for better or worse, that's the reality Morgan's gonna have to find a way to grow up in. So I thought I better record a little greeting, in the case of an untimely death, on my part. I mean, not that death at any time isn't untimely. This time travel thing we're gonna try and pull off tomorrow, it's got me scratching my head about the survivability of it all. Then again that's the hero gig. Part of the journey is the end. What am I even tripping for? Everything's gonna workout exactly the way it's supposed to. [stands up and walks forward to bend down and look Morgan in the eyes] Tony Stark: I love you 3000.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: [to Steve, referring to his 2012 self] Mr. Rogers, I almost forgot, that suit did nothing for your ass. Steve Rogers: No one asked you to look, Tony. Tony Stark: It's ridiculous. Scott Lang: I think you look great, Cap. As far as I'm concerned, that's America's ass.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ 70's Car Man: Hey, man! Make love, not war!

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Thor: [after Steve Rogers calls Mjolnir to himself during the final battle with Thanos] I knew it!

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Pepper Potts: We got really lucky. Tony Stark: Yeah, I know. Pepper Potts: A lot of people didn't. Tony Stark: I can't help everybody. Pepper Potts: It sort of seems like you can. Tony Stark: Not if I stop. I can put a pin in it right now... and stop. Pepper Potts: Tony, trying to get you to stop has been one of the few failures of my entire life.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Steve Rogers: [after accidentally running into his past self] You've got to be shitting me.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [Before Rogers sets off to return the Infinity Stones] Steve Rogers: Don't do anything stupid until I come back. Bucky Barnes: How can I? You're taking all the stupid with you.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Steve Rogers: Hail Hydra.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: Honestly, at this exact second, I thought you were a Build-a-Bear. Rocket: Maybe I am.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Peter Quill: Gamora? I thought I lost you. [Gamora is actually the one from 2014 who doesn't recognize Quill, and attacks him] Gamora: This is the one? Really? Nebula: It was either him or the tree.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Steve Rogers: You know, I saw a pod of whales when I was coming in, over the bridge. Natasha Romanoff: In the Hudson? Steve Rogers: Fewer ships, cleaner water... Natasha Romanoff: You know, if you're about to tell me to look on the bright side - I'm about to hit you in the head with a peanut butter sandwich. Steve Rogers: Sorry, force of habit.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Thor: Mother, I have to tell you something... Frigga: No, son, you don't. You're here to repair your future - not mine.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Clint Barton: Tell my family I love them. Natasha Romanoff: You tell them yourself.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Thanos: I am... inevitable. [Thanos snaps his fingers, but nothing happens. He discovers that the gauntlet no longer has the Infinity Stones, and that Stark used his armor's nano-technology to transfer the Stones to his arm] Tony Stark: And I... am... Iron Man! [Stark snaps his fingers, and Thanos' army slowly fades into dust]

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Rocket: Quill said he stole the Power Stone from Morag. Bruce Banner: Is that a person? Rocket: Morag's a planet, Quill was a person. Scott Lang: A planet? Like in outer space? Rocket: Oh, look, it's like a little puppy, all happy and everything. Do you want to go to space, puppy? I'll take you to outer space!

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Hulk: So many stairs!

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [after a botched first attempt of time travel] Scott Lang: Someone peed my pants! Not sure if it was the baby-me or the old me. [pauses] Scott Lang: Or was it just me-me?

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [From trailer - aboard the Benetar] Rocket: Who hasn't been to space? [Rhodey, Romanoff, and Rogers raise their hand] James Rhodes: Why? Rocket: You better not throw up on my ship!

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Thor: I can't do this. I shouldn't be here, I shouldn't have come. This is a bad idea. Rocket: Come here. Thor: [starts breathing heavily] No, no, I think I'm having... I'm having a panic attack. Rocket: Come here. Thor: I shouldn't be here. This is... this is ba... [Rocket slaps Thor in the face] Rocket: You think you're the only one that lost people? What do you think we're doin' here? I lost the only family I ever had. Quill, Groot, Drax, the chick with the antenna - all gone! Now, I get that you miss your mom, but she's gone. *Really* gone. And there are plenty of people who are only *kinda* gone. And you can help them. So is it too much to ask that you brush the crumbs out of your beard, make schmoopy talk to pretty pants and when she's not lookin', suck out the Infinity Stone and help me get my family back? Thor: [tearing up] Okay. Rocket: Are you crying? Thor: [wheezing] No... yes.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: [In hologram message played after death, to daughter Morgan Stark] I love you three thousand.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Frigga: Everyone fails at who they're supposed to be, Thor. The measure of a person, of a hero, is how well they succeed at being who they are.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Peter Parker: Hey! Holy cow! You will not believe what's been going on. Do you remember when we were in space? And I got all dusty? And I must've passed out because I woke up and you were gone. But Doctor Strange was there right. And he said 'It's been five years. Come on, they need us.' And he started doing the yellow sparkly thing that he does. Anyway... [Tony hugs Peter in relief] Peter Parker: This is nice.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Clint Barton: You shouldn't be here. Natasha Romanoff: Neither should you. Clint Barton: I've got a job to do. Natasha Romanoff: Is that what you're calling this? Killing all these people isn't going to bring your family back. [long pause] Natasha Romanoff: We found something. A chance - maybe... Clint Barton: [voice breaking] Don't. Natasha Romanoff: Don't what? Clint Barton: Don't give me hope. Natasha Romanoff: I'm sorry I couldn't give it to you sooner.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: [Referring to his father] He did drop the occasional pearl. Howard Stark: Such as? Tony Stark: No amount of money ever bought a second of time.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Thanos: I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive, but you have shown me... that's impossible. As long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those, that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [spoiler] Frigga: You're not the Thor I know at all, are you? Thor: Yes, I am. Frigga: The future hasn't been kind to you, has it? Thor: I didn't say I was from the future. Frigga: I was raised by witches, boy. I see with more than eyes and you know that. Thor: [starts crying] I'm totally from the future.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [sending a message to Pepper] Tony Stark: Is this thing on? Hey, Ms. Potts. If you find this recording, don't post it on social media. It's gonna be a real tearjerker. I don't know if you're ever gonna see these. I don't even know if you're still... Oh, God, I hope so. Today's day 21? No, uh, 22. You know, if it wasn't for the existential terror of steering into the literal void of space, I'd say I'm feeling a little better today. The infection's run its course thanks to the blue meanie back there. Oh, you would love her. Very practical. Only a tiny bit sadistic. So, the fuel cells were cracked during battle and we figured out a way to reverse the iron charge, bought ourselves about 48 hours of flight time. Uh, but it's now dead in the water. 1,000 light years from the nearest 7-11. Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning... and that will be it. I know I said no more surprises, but I gotta say, I was really hoping to pull off one last one. But it looks like... well, you know what it looks like. Don't feel bad about this. I'm mean, actually, if you grieve for a couple weeks... and then move on with enormous guilt. [pauses] Tony Stark: I should probably lie down for a minute, rest my eyes. Please know, when I drift off and be like everything lately, I'm fine. I'm totally fine. I dream about you. Because it's always you. [ends the message]

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ James Rhodes: If we can do this, you know, go back in time... why don't we just find baby Thanos, you know, and... [Pantomimes strangulation] Hulk: Okay, first of all, that's horrible. James Rhodes: It's Thanos! Hulk: And secondly, time doesn't work that way. Changing the past doesn't change the future. Scott Lang: We go back, we get the stones before Thanos gets them, Thanos doesn't have the stones! Problem solved! Clint Barton: Bingo. Nebula: That's not how it works! Clint Barton: Well, that's what I heard. Hulk: Who told you that? James Rhodes: Star Trek, Terminator, Timecop, Time After Time... Scott Lang: Quantum Leap? James Rhodes: A Wrinkle in Time, Somewhere in Time... Scott Lang: Hot Tub Time Machine? James Rhodes: Hot Tub Time Machine, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, basically any movie that deals with time travel! Scott Lang: Die Hard? No, that's not one... James Rhodes: Look, this is known! Hulk: I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true. Think about it. If you go into the past, that past becomes your future, and your former present becomes the past, which can't now be changed by your new future! Nebula: Exactly! Scott Lang: So, "Back to the Future"'s a bunch of bullshit?

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Bruce Banner: You saw what those stones did to Thanos, they almost killed him. None of you could survive. Steve Rogers: How do we know you will? Bruce Banner: You don't. But the radiation's mostly gamma. It's like I was made for this.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: [seeing Thor] What's wrong with him? Rocket: He's pissed. He thinks he failed. Which, of course he did, but you know, there's a lot of that going around, ain't there?

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Doctor Strange: [as the resurrected heroes and their armies arrive for battle] Is that everyone? Wong: What, you wanted more?

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Bruce Banner: We'd be going in shorthanded, you know? James Rhodes: Look, he's still got the Stones, so... Carol Danvers: So, let's get them. Use them to bring everyone back. Bruce Banner: Just like that? Steve Rogers: Yeah, just like that. Natasha Romanoff: Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this, I mean, we owe it to everyone who is not in this room, to try. Bruce Banner: If we do this, how do we know it's going to end any differently than it did before? Carol Danvers: Because before, you didn't have me. James Rhodes: Hey, new girl? Everybody in this room is about that superhero life. And, if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time? Carol Danvers: There are a lot of other planets in the universe, and, unfortunately, they didn't have you guys. Thor: [Stands up and walks to Danvers. They meet eye-to-eye. Thor summons Stormbreaker, which whizzes right past Danvers' head. She doesn't even flinch, and then smiles] I like this one. Steve Rogers: Let's go get this son of a bitch.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [from trailer] Tony Stark: It's not about how much we lost. It's about how much we have left. We're the Avengers. We gotta finish this. You trust me? Steve Rogers: I do. [they shake hands]

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Steve Rogers: Five years ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends. We lost family. We lost a part of ourselves. Today, we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each. No mistakes. No do-overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know, that doesn't mean we should know what to expect. Be careful. Look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives. And we're going to win. Whatever it takes. Good luck. Rocket: He's pretty good at that. Scott Lang: Right?

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Happy Hogan: I will buy all the cheeseburgers you want, just to keep that smile on your face.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [after Thanos and his army has been defeated. Peter Parker comes to Tony Stark] Peter Parker: Mr. Stark. Hey, Mr. Stark? [choking up] Peter Parker: Can you hear me? It's Peter. Hey... we won. Mr. Stark. We won, Mr. Stark. We won, you did it, sir, you did it. [starts crying] Peter Parker: I'm sorry, Tony.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Tony Stark: [to his daughter] Go to bed, or I'll sell all your toys.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Steve Rogers: Some people move on. But not us... Not us.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Clint Barton: [on the Benatar, in space] Under different circumstances, this would be totally awesome.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ James Rhodes: [watching Peter Quill dancing and singing by himself while holding a lizard for a mic] So he's an idiot? Nebula: [nodding slowly] Yeah.

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ [Steve Rogers and Natasha Romanoff hear the Ant-Man calling] Scott Lang: Hi! Uh, is anyone home? This is Scott Lang. We met a few years ago? At the airport? In Germany? I got really big. Steve Rogers: Is this an old message? Scott Lang: Ant-Man? Ant-Man... I know you know wh... I know you know that! Natasha Romanoff: That's the front gate. Scott Lang: That's me. Can you buzz me in?

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Natasha Romanoff: Where have you been? James Rhodes: Mexico. The Federales found a room full of bodies. Looks like a bunch of cartel guys - never even had a chance to get their guns out. Natasha Romanoff: It's probably a rival gang. James Rhodes: Except that it isn't. It's definitely Barton. What he's done here, what he's been doing, for the last few years - if you'd seen what he's left - I gotta tell you, there's a part of me that doesn't even want to find him. Natasha Romanoff: Will you find where he goes next? James Rhodes: Nat... Natasha Romanoff: Please?

§Avengers: Endgame ¤ Clint Barton: We can't bring her back. Thor: I'm sorry, no offence, but you're a very earthly being, okay, and we're talking about space magic. It can seem very difficult... Clint Barton: Yeah, look, I know I'm way outside my pay rate here, but she's still dead, isn't she? It *can't* be undone! Or, at least that's what the red floating guy had to say! Maybe you ought to go talk to him! Okay, go grab your hammer, and you find and talk to him! It was supposed to be me. Sacrificed her life for that goddamned stone, she put her life on it. Bruce Banner: She's not coming back. We have to make it worth it. We have to. Steve Rogers: We will

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: [written in notebook] The worst part of having a mental illness is people expect you to behave as if you don't.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: You don't listen, do you? I don't think you ever really hear me. You just ask the same questions every week. "How's your job?" "Are you having any negative thoughts?" All I have are negative thoughts.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: For my whole life, I didn't know if I even really existed. But I do, and people are starting to notice.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I used to think that my life was a tragedy, but now I realize, it's a fucking comedy.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Murray, one small thing? Murray Franklin: Yeah? Arthur Fleck: When you bring me out, can you introduce me as Joker?

§Joker ¤ Cop: The whole city's on fire 'cause of what you did. Arthur Fleck: I know. Isn't it beautiful?

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Is it just me, or is it getting crazier out there?

§Joker ¤ [last lines] Arkham Psychiatrist: What's so funny? Arthur Fleck: I'm just thinking of a joke. Arkham Psychiatrist: Do you want to tell it to me? Arthur Fleck: You wouldn't get it.

§Joker ¤ Murray Franklin: I'm waiting for the punchline. Arthur Fleck: There is no punchline.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I killed those guys because they were awful. Everybody is awful these days. It's enough to make anyone crazy.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: How 'bout another joke, Murray? Murray Franklin: No, I think we've had enough of your jokes. Arthur Fleck: What do you get... Murray Franklin: I don't think so. Arthur Fleck: ...when you cross... Murray Franklin: I think we're done here now, thank you. Arthur Fleck: ...a mentally ill loner with a society that abandons him and treats him like trash? Murray Franklin: Call the police, Gene, call the police. Arthur Fleck: I'll tell you what you get! You get what you fuckin' deserve! [Joker shoots Murray in the head, killing him instantly]

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I haven't been happy one minute of my entire fucking life.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: [in Arthur's notebook] I just hope my death makes more cents than my life.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Ugh, why is everybody so upset about these guys? If it was me dying on the sidewalk you'd walk right over me! I pass you everyday and you don't notice me! But these guys? Well because Thomas Wayne would cry about them on TV?

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I've been the man of the house for as long as I can remember. I take good care of my mother. Murray Franklin: All that sacrifice, she must love you very much. Arthur Fleck: She does. She always tells me to smile and put on a happy face. She says I was put here to spread joy and laughter.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Have you seen what it's like out there, Murray? Do you ever actually leave the studio? Everybody just yells and screams at each other. Nobody's civil anymore. Nobody thinks what it's like to be the other guy. You think men like Thomas Wayne ever think what it's like to be someone like me? To be somebody but themselves? They don't. They think that we'll just sit there and take it, like good little boys! That we won't werewolf and go wild!

§Joker ¤ Social Worker: They don't give a shit about people like you, Arthur. And they really don't give a shit about people like me either.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I know it seems strange, I don't mean to make you uncomfortable. I don't know why everyone is so rude; I don't know why you are. I don't want anything from you. Maybe a little bit of warmth, maybe a hug, dad? How about just a little bit of fucking decency!

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: You're awful, Murray. Murray Franklin: Me? I'm awful? How am I awful? Arthur Fleck: Playing my video. Inviting me on the show. You just wanted to make fun of me. You're just like the rest of them!

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I've got nothing left to lose. Nothing can hurt me anymore. My life is nothing but comedy.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Comedy is subjective, Murray, isn't that what they say? All of you, the system that knows so much: you decide what's right or wrong the same way you decide what's funny or not.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Knock knock. Murray Franklin: Who's there? Arthur Fleck: It's the police, ma'am! Your son's been hit by a drunk driver. He's dead!

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: [from trailer] She always tells me to smile, and put on a happy face.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I had a bad day.

§Joker ¤ Sophie Dumond: Were you following me today? Arthur Fleck: Yeah. Sophie Dumond: I thought that was you. I was hoping you'd come in and rob the place. Arthur Fleck: I have a gun. I could come by tomorrow? Sophie Dumond: You're so funny, Arthur.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: [In Arthur's Jokebook] I just hope my death make more cents than my life.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I don't want you worrying about money, mom. Or me. Everybody's telling me that my stand-up's ready for the big clubs.

§Joker ¤ Penny Fleck: I mean, dont you have to be funny to be a comedian?

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: When I was a little boy and told people I was going to be a comedian, everyone laughed at me. Well, no one's laughing now.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Do I look like the kind of clown that can start a movement?

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: [after killing Murray] Good night. And always remember... That's li...

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: Gary? Gary: Yeah? Arthur Fleck: You were the only one who was ever nice to me. Arthur Fleck: [he kisses him on the head] Get out.

§Joker ¤ Card: Forgive my Laughter: I have a Condition.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I just don't want to feel so bad anymore.

§Joker ¤ Murray Franklin: And finally, in a world where everyone thinks they could do my job, we got this video tape from Pogo's Comedy Club right here in Gotham. Here's a guy who thinks if you just keep laughing, it'll somehow make you funny. Check out this joker.

§Joker ¤ Murray Franklin: Do I understand that you did this to start a movement? To become a symbol? Arthur Fleck: Oh come on, Murray. Do I look like the kind of clown that could start a movement? I killed those guys because they were awful. Everybody is awful these days. It's enough to make everyone crazy. Murray Franklin: Okay, so that's it? You're crazy, that's your defence for killing three young men? Arthur Fleck: No. They couldn't carry a tune to save their lives.

§Joker ¤ Sophie Dumond: Your name's Arthur, right? You live down the hall. I really need you to leave, my little girl's sleeping in the other room. Please...

§Joker ¤ Open Mic Comic: I think most women look at sex like buying a car. You know, like, "Can I see myself in this long term?" "Is it safe?" "Is it reliable?" "Could it kill me?" Most guys look at sex like parking a car. We're like, "There's a spot". "There is another spot, that would work." "Oh, I have to pay? - Never mind." "Handicapped? - Hope no one sees us."

§Joker ¤ Murray Franklin: [from trailer] All that sacrifice, she must love you very much.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: [from trailer] I don't want you worrying about money mom, or me.

§Joker ¤ Thomas Wayne: What kind of coward would do something that cold blooded? Someone who hides behind a mask. Someone who is envious of those more fortunate than themselves, yet they're too scared to show their own face. And until those kinds of people change for the better, those of us who made something of our lives will always look at those who haven't as nothing but clowns.

§Joker ¤ Murray Franklin: What's with the face? I mean, are you part of the protest? Arthur Fleck: No. No, I don't believe any of that. I don't believe in anything.

§Joker ¤ Penny Fleck: I never heard him crying, he's always been such a happy little boy.

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: You know, I do stand-up comedy. You should maybe come see a show sometime. Sophie Dumond: I could do that.

§Joker ¤ Thomas Wayne: [after punching Arthur] Touch my son again and I'll fucking kill you!

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: You're just like the rest of 'em! Murray Franklin: You don't know the first thing about me, pal. look at what happened because of you did. what it led to. there are riots out there, two police men are in critical condition- you're laughing, you're laughing. someone was killed today because of what you did. Arthur Fleck: I Know!

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: My mom died. I'm celebrating.

§Joker ¤ Thomas Wayne: [as Arthur is laughing at him] You think this is funny? Arthur Fleck: Dad, it's me! Come on! [Mr. Wayne punches Arthur in the face]

§Joker ¤ Arthur Fleck: I feel like I know you... I've been watching you forever.

§Joker ¤ Hoyt Vaughn: How the fuck do I know? Why does anybody do anything?

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Osa: Life is suffering. It is hard. The world is cursed. But still, you find reasons to keep living.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Hii-sama: You cannot change fate. However, you can rise to meet it, if you so choose.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Lady Eboshi: What exactly are you here for? Prince Ashitaka: To see with eyes unclouded by hate.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: Even if all the trees grow back, it won't be his forest anymore. The Forest Spirit is dead. Prince Ashitaka: Never. He is life itself. He isn't dead, San. He is here with us now, telling us, it's time for both of us to live.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Jigo: These days, there are angry ghosts all around us - dead from wars, sickness, starvation - and nobody cares. So you say you're under a curse? So what? So's the whole damn world.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Kôhroku: [testing his arm] My arm... It doesn't hurt anymore. It's *healed!* [bones crack] Kôhroku: OW! No, it's still broken.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: Why did you stop me from killing her? Tell me while you're still alive! Prince Ashitaka: I didn't want them to kill you. That's why. San, The Princess Mononoke: I'm not afraid to die. I'd do anything to get you humans out of my forest! Prince Ashitaka: I knew that... from the first moment I saw you. San, The Princess Mononoke: And I'm not afraid of you! I should *kill* you for saving her! [San turns Ashitaka around, takes out his sword, and aims it inches over his neck] San, The Princess Mononoke: That woman is evil, and there's no one who can stop me from killing her. Prince Ashitaka: No... Live... San, The Princess Mononoke: That's enough! I'm not listening to you anymore! [presses tip to throat] Prince Ashitaka: [opening his eyes] You're... beautiful... [San gasps, jumps back] San's Wolf Brother: What is it, San? Want me to crunch his face off? [all stare at Ashitaka for a moment... until a rock sails in and breaks the moment]

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Moro: [dying words] Ashitaka... Can you save the girl you love...?

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Lady Eboshi: Cut off a wolf's head and it still has the power to bite.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Moro: [about Ashitaka] You know, that boy wanted to share his life with you. San, The Princess Mononoke: [burying her face in her fur] I hate him! I hate all humans!

§Princess Mononoke ¤ [first lines] Narrator: In ancient times, the land lay covered in forests, where, from ages long past, dwelt the spirits of the gods. Back then, man and beast lived in harmony, but as time went by, most of the great forests were destroyed. Those that remained were guarded by gigantic beasts who owed their allegiances to the Great Forest Spirit. For those were the days of gods and of demons...

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: Ugh, I smell like a human.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: Ashitaka, you mean so much to me, but I can't forgive the humans for what they've done. Prince Ashitaka: I understand. You'll live in the forest, and I'll help rebuild Irontown.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Moro: Ah, you're awake. I was hoping you'd cry out in your sleep, then I would have bitten your head off to silence you.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Lady Eboshi: [Ashitaka interrupts the fight] What do you think you're doing, boy? Prince Ashitaka: Stay your hand. The girl's life is now mine. [San viciously bites Ashitaka's arm] Lady Eboshi: I'm sure she'll make a lovely wife for you. Prince Ashitaka: There's a demon inside you. It's inside both of you. [the curse remanifests as a mass of worm-like tendrils, shocking everyone] Prince Ashitaka: [to the crowd] Look, everyone! *This* is what hatred looks like! This is what it does when it catches hold of you! It's eating me alive, and very soon it will kill me! [San tries to make the curse leave her alone] Prince Ashitaka: Fear and anger only make it grow faster! Lady Eboshi: I'm getting a little bored of this curse of yours, Ashitaka. Let me just cut the damn thing - *off!* [swings her needle at Ashitaka]

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Lady Eboshi: Now watch closely, everyone. I'm going to show you how to kill a god. A god of life and death. The trick is not to fear him.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Jigo: When you're going to kill a god, let someone else do your dirty work.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ messenger from Lord Asano: You ladies need to be taught some respect! Female fire worker: Respect? What's that? Female fire worker: We haven't had any respect since the day we were born! [the women collectively give the messenger the "raspberry"]

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Toki: [to Gonza] Even if you were a woman, you'd *still* be an idiot!

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: You two go on ahead. I'll stay here and deal with the human. San's Wolf Brother: What about the elk? San's Wolf Brother: Yes... Can we eat him? [starts panting] San, The Princess Mononoke: No, you may not. Go home!

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Kaya: Ashitaka! Prince Ashitaka: Kaya, what are you doing here? You know it's forbidden! Kaya: [holding out her crystal dagger] Do you think I care about that? I came to give you this, so you won't forget your little sister. Prince Ashitaka: [taking the dagger] Your crystal dagger. Kaya, I can't take this. Kaya: Please keep it with you, brother, to protect you. You *must* take it with you. Please, I want you to have it, so you won't... forget. Prince Ashitaka: Kaya, you know I could never forget you.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Kôhroku: Huh, I didn't know the Forest Spirit made the flowers grow.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Toki: Why don't you take off your mask? I bet you're really handsome... [later, when Ashitaka pulls his mask off] Toki: Hey...! You're not handsome, you're *gorgeous!*

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Toki: Thanks, stranger. My husband's an idiot, but I'm glad he's safe and sound. Prince Ashitaka: That's a relief. I was starting to think I'd done something wrong by bringing him back home.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Jigo: Well, I give up. Can't win against fools.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: [seeing the humans cutting down trees] Why chop the trees down? Moro: [about the boars] To make them angry. Which makes them stupid.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Prince Ashitaka: Well, they say that happy women make a happy village.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Toki: I wish the wolves *had* eaten you! Then maybe I could've found a real husband.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Boar in Okkoto's Tribe: The Forest Spirit saved *him?* Saved the life of this loathsome runt? Why didn't he save Nago? Is he not the guardian of the forest? Why? Moro: The Forest Spirit gives life and takes life away. Life and death are his alone. Or have you boars forgotten than? Boar in Okkoto's Tribe: *You lie!* You must have begged the Forest Spirit to spare his life! But you did not beg for Nago, did you? Moro: Nago was afraid to die. Now, I too, carry within my breast a poisoned human bullet. Nago fled, and the darkness took him. I remain, and contemplate my death. San, The Princess Mononoke: Mother, please ask the Forest Spirit to save you! Moro: I have lived long enough, San. Soon, the Great Forest Sprit will let me rest forever. San, The Princess Mononoke: All these years, you've defended the Forest Spirit! He *must* save you! Boar in Okkoto's Tribe: You are not fooling us! Nago was beautiful and strong! He would not have run from anything! You wolves must have eaten him! San, The Princess Mononoke: Quiet! Watch what you say, you filthy pig!

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Lady Eboshi: [as Ashitaka tries to keep his arm from drawing his sword] Does that right hand of yours wish to kill me, Ashitaka? Prince Ashitaka: [struggling] If it would lift the curse, I'd let it tear you apart. But even that wouldn't end the killing now, would it? Lady Eboshi: No, it wouldn't. It would have to kill all of us to be at peace.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Gonza: [seeing Moro's pups run away] That was it? They weren't so big. Lady Eboshi: They're just pups. Wait 'til you see their mother.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: [to the apes] All right, what do you want here? San's Wolf Brother: Apes! How *dare* you show such disrespect to the wolf clan! Ape Tribe: This is our forest. Ape Tribe: The human... Give him to us. Ape Tribe: Give us the human and go. San's Wolf Brother: *You* go, before my *fangs* find you. Ape Tribe: We will not go. Ape Tribe: We will eat the human. Ape Tribe: Yes... we will eat the man creature.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Okkoto: Look on my tribe, Moro. We grow small, and we grow stupid. We will soon be nothing but squealing game... that the humans hunt for their meat.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Lady Eboshi: Stay here. Help me kill the Forest Spirit, Ashitaka. Prince Ashitaka: You would do that? Kill the very heart of the forest? Lady Eboshi: Without that ancient god, the animals here would be nothing but dumb beasts once again. Once the forest has been cleared and the wolves wiped out, this desolate place will become the richest land in the world... and Princess Mononoke will become human. Prince Ashitaka: "Princess Mononoke"? Lady Eboshi: Princess of the spirits of ghouls, beasts, and ancient gods. The wolf stole her soul, and now she lives to kill me.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Gonza: [as Ashitaka approaches the fight between San and Eboshi] Huh? [Ashitaka walks forward, the curse manifesting on his arm] Gonza: [draws sword] Traitor... *You're a spy for the wolves, aren't you?* [Ashitaka continue to approach, grabbing Gonza's sword by the blade] Gonza: [as Ashitaka bends the sword away] Stay back...! Uh... Halt - ! Prince Ashitaka: Step aside. [Ashitaka walks past him, leaving traces of the curse on Gonza's sword; Gonza suddenly holds it at a distance, whimpering]

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Moro: Now leave this place at sunrise. Return, and I shall kill you.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Hii-sama: My prince, are you prepared to learn what fate the stones have foretold you? Prince Ashitaka: Yes. I was prepared the very moment that I let my arrow fly.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Prince Ashitaka: [Sees riflemen readying guns] It's a trap. No, wait! Princess of the wolf-gods, don't go down there! Go back to the forest! Listen to me, please, don't throw your life away! Gonza: [Turns to Lady Eboshi] Shall I stop him? Lady Eboshi: [Stares at wolf-girl and Ashitaka on the roof] Leave him be. Let him do as he likes. San, The Princess Mononoke: [Wolf howls in distance, readies knife and charges down roof towards Lady Eboshi]

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Amishi Elder: I am the eldest of the Amishi. Our tribe was driven here by the ravages of the Emperor. Now our youngest warrior must cut his hair and go off into the unknown? Sometimes I think the Gods are laughing at us.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Jigo: Give the head back now? Come on, boy. Don't be silly. Now, when the sun's about to come up? Look! He's a brainless, life-sucking god of death. At sunrise he'll vanish like a bad dream.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: [trapped in Okkoto's corruption] No! I don't wanna become a demon! Please stop, Okkoto!

§Princess Mononoke ¤ [San's first line] San, The Princess Mononoke: Go away.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Jigo: Are you selling soup or donkey piss?

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Jigo: What do you say we give 'em a little demonstration of how fast we can run, huh?

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Lady Eboshi: [readying her rifle] It's Moro!

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Toki: Big dope. Don't ask me why I love him.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Jigo: [Japanese dub] Wanting everything between Heaven and Hell is the human condition.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ San, The Princess Mononoke: Are you crazy? Just what happened to make the ape tribe change this way? Since when do apes eat the flesh of a man? Ape Tribe: If we eat the human, we will steal his strength, and we will drive the other humans away. Ape Tribe: Give us the man creature. San, The Princess Mononoke: Stop this. You know you can't possess the humans' strength by eating them. All that'll do is make you into something else, something even worse than human. Ape Tribe: We plant trees. Humans tear them up. The forest does not come back. If we kill the humans, we will save the forest. Ape Tribe: You mustn't give up. We'll find a way. The Forest Spirit is with us. Go on planting your trees and someday we'll beat them. San's Wolf Brother: ENOUGH! I'll *bite* your head off, you chattering ape. [they started charging] San, The Princess Mononoke: Stop! Wait! Come back! Leave them alone! [they statred coming back not to fight them back] San, The Princess Mononoke: Don't worry about them. It's all right.

§Princess Mononoke ¤ Boar in Okkoto's Tribe: We are here to kill the humans and save the forest. Why are there humans here, Moro? Moro: Humans are everywhere these days. Go back to your own mountain. Kill them there. The girl is San, my daughter. Boar in Okkoto's Tribe: We will kill them here. We will save this forest. What is that other human doing here? San, The Princess Mononoke: He was shot, and then the Great Spirit healed his wound. This man is not our enemy!

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [during a therapy session] You're not perfect, sport, and let me save you the suspense: this girl you've met, she's not perfect either. But the question is whether or not you're perfect for each other.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [sitting on a bench in in front of a pond in park] Thought about what you said to me the other day, about my painting. Stayed up half the night thinking about it. Something occurred to me... fell into a deep peaceful sleep, and haven't thought about you since. Do you know what occurred to me? Will: No. Sean: You're just a kid, you don't have the faintest idea what you're talkin' about. Will: Why thank you. Sean: It's all right. You've never been out of Boston. Will: Nope. Sean: So if I asked you about art, you'd probably give me the skinny on every art book ever written. Michelangelo, you know a lot about him. Life's work, political aspirations, him and the pope, sexual orientations, the whole works, right? But I'll bet you can't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never actually stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling; seen that. If I ask you about women, you'd probably give me a syllabus about your personal favorites. You may have even been laid a few times. But you can't tell me what it feels like to wake up next to a woman and feel truly happy. You're a tough kid. And I'd ask you about war, you'd probably throw Shakespeare at me, right, "once more unto the breach dear friends." But you've never been near one. You've never held your best friend's head in your lap, watch him gasp his last breath looking to you for help. I'd ask you about love, you'd probably quote me a sonnet. But you've never looked at a woman and been totally vulnerable. Known someone that could level you with her eyes, feeling like God put an angel on earth just for you. Who could rescue you from the depths of hell. And you wouldn't know what it's like to be her angel, to have that love for her, be there forever, through anything, through cancer. And you wouldn't know about sleeping sitting up in the hospital room for two months, holding her hand, because the doctors could see in your eyes, that the terms "visiting hours" don't apply to you. You don't know about real loss, 'cause it only occurs when you've loved something more than you love yourself. And I doubt you've ever dared to love anybody that much. And look at you... I don't see an intelligent, confident man... I see a cocky, scared shitless kid. But you're a genius Will. No one denies that. No one could possibly understand the depths of you. But you presume to know everything about me because you saw a painting of mine, and you ripped my fucking life apart. You're an orphan right? [Will nods] Sean: You think I know the first thing about how hard your life has been, how you feel, who you are, because I read Oliver Twist? Does that encapsulate you? Personally... I don't give a shit about all that, because you know what, I can't learn anything from you, I can't read in some fuckin' book. Unless you want to talk about you, who you are. Then I'm fascinated. I'm in. But you don't want to do that do you sport? You're terrified of what you might say. Your move, chief.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: [continuing the therapy session] I don't care if Helen of Troy walks in the room, that's Game 6! Sean: Oh, Helen of Troy... Will: Oh my God; and who are these fuckin' friends of yours, they let you get away with that? Sean: Oh... they had to. Will: W-w-w-what'd you say to them? Sean: I just slid my ticket across the table, and I said, "Sorry, guys; I gotta see about a girl." Will: I gotta go see about a girl? Sean: Yeah. Will: That's what you said? And they let you get away with that? Sean: Oh, yeah. They saw in my eyes that I meant it. Will: You're kiddin' me. Sean: No, I'm not kiddin' you, Will. That's why I'm not talkin' right now about some girl I saw at a bar twenty years ago and how I always regretted not going over and talking to her. I don't regret the 18 years I was married to Nancy. I don't regret the six years I had to give up counseling when she got sick. And I don't regret the last years when she got really sick. And I sure as hell don't regret missin' the damn game. That's regret. [pause] Will: Wow... Woulda been nice to catch that game, though. Sean: [sheepishly] I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit a homer.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Chuckie: [in a bar] Are we gonna have a problem here? Clark: No, no, no, no! There's no problem here. I was just hoping you might give me some insight into the evolution of the market economy in the southern colonies. My contention is that prior to the Revolutionary War, the economic modalities, especially in the southern colonies, could be most aptly described as agrarian pre-capitalist. Will: Of course that's your contention. You're a first-year grad student; you just got finished reading some Marxian historian, Pete Garrison probably. You're gonna be convinced of that 'till next month when you get to James Lemon. Then you're going to be talking about how the economies of Virginia and Pennsylvania were entrepreneurial and capitalist way back in 1740. That's gonna last until next year; you're gonna be in here regurgitating Gordon Wood, talkin' about, you know, the pre-revolutionary utopia and the capital-forming effects of military mobilization. Clark: Well, as a matter of fact, I won't, because Wood drastically underestimates the impact of social... Will: "Wood drastically underestimates the impact of social distinctions predicated upon wealth, especially inherited wealth"? You got that from Vickers' "Work in Essex County," page 98, right? Yeah, I read that too. Were you gonna plagiarize the whole thing for us? Do you have any thoughts of your own on this matter? Or do you, is that your thing, you come into a bar, read some obscure passage and then pretend - you pawn it off as your own, as your own idea just to impress some girls, embarrass my friend? Will: See, the sad thing about a guy like you is, in 50 years you're gonna start doin' some thinkin' on your own and you're going to come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life: one, don't do that, and two, you dropped 150 grand on a fuckin' education you could have got for a dollar fifty in late charges at the public library! Clark: Yeah, but I will have a degree. And you'll be servin' my kids fries at a drive-thru on our way to a skiing trip. Will: Yeah, maybe. But at least I won't be unoriginal.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: My father was an alcoholic. Mean fuckin' drunk. He'd come home hammered, looking to whale on somebody. So I'd provoke him, so he wouldn't go after my mother and little brother. Interesting nights were when he wore his rings. Will: He used to just put a belt, a stick, and a wrench on the table. Just say, "Choose." Sean: Well I gotta go with the belt there. Will: I used to go with the wrench. Sean: Why the wrench? Will: Cause fuck him, that's why. Sean: Your foster father? Will: Yeah. [pause] Will: So, uh, what is it, like, Will has an attachment disorder? Is it all that stuff? [Sean nods] Will: Fear of abandonment? Is that why I broke up with Skylar? Sean: I didn't know you had. Will: Yeah, I did. Sean: You wanna talk about it? Will: No. Sean: Hey, Will? I don't know a lot. You see this? All this shit? [Holds up the file, and drops it on his desk] Sean: It's not your fault. Will: [Will shrugs] Yeah, I know that. [Will averts his eyes to the floor] Sean: Look at me son. [Will locks eyes with Sean] Sean: It's not your fault. Will: [Will nods] I know. Sean: No. It's not your fault. Will: I know Sean: No, no, you don't. It's not your fault. [Sean moves closer to Will] Sean: Hmm? Will: I know. [Will stands up, trying to keep distance] Sean: It's not your fault. Will: Alright. Sean: It's not your fault. [Will closes his eyes, he's fighting for control] Sean: It's not your fault. Will: Don't fuck with me. [Will shoves Sean back] Will: Don't fuck with me, Sean, not you! Sean: It's not your fault. It's not your fault. [Will breaks into sobs. They hug] Sean: Fuck them, ok?

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [to Will] You'll have bad times, but it'll always wake you up to the good stuff you weren't paying attention to.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ [last lines] [Sean reads a note from Will: "Sean, if the Professor calls about that job, just tell him, sorry, I have to go see about a girl."] Sean: Son of a bitch... He stole my line.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: [both leaning on a pick up truck while drinking beers and smoking cigarettes on a construction site] What do I wanna way outta here for? I'm gonna live here the rest of my fuckin' life. We'll be neighbors, have little kids, take 'em to Little League up at Foley Field. Chuckie: Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way but, in 20 years if you're still livin' here, comin' over to my house, watchin' the Patriots games, workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill ya. That's not a threat, that's a fact, I'll fuckin' kill ya. Will: What the fuck you talkin' about? Chuckie: You got somethin' none of us have... Will: Oh, come on! What? Why is it always this? I mean, I fuckin' owe it to myself to do this or that. What if I don't want to? Chuckie: No. No, no no no. Fuck you, you don't owe it to yourself man, you owe it to me. Cuz tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be 50, and I'll still be doin' this shit. And that's all right. That's fine. I mean, you're sittin' on a winnin' lottery ticket. And you're too much of a pussy to cash it in, and that's bullshit. 'Cause I'd do fuckin' anything to have what you got. So would any of these fuckin' guys. It'd be an insult to us if you're still here in 20 years. Hangin' around here is a fuckin' waste of your time.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ [exterior view of nondescript multi-floored office building] Will: [cut to interior recruitment office] So why do you think I should work for the National Security Agency? NSA Agent: [complacently] Well, you'd be working on the cutting edge. You'd be exposed to the kind of technology you wouldn't see anywhere else, because we've classified it. Superstring theory, chaos math, advanced algorithms. Will: [succinctly] Code breaking. NSA Agent: [evasively] That's one aspect of what we do. Will: [confrontationally] Oh, come on. That is what you do. You guys handle 80% of the intelligence workload. You're seven times the size of the C.I.A. NSA Agent: [smugly] We don't like to brag about that, Will, but you're exactly right. So the way I see it, the question isn't: "Why should you work for the N.S.A.?" The question is: "Why shouldn't you?" Will: Why shouldn't I work for the N.S.A.? [chuckles] Will: That's a tough one, but I'll take a shot. Say I'm workin' at the N.S.A. and somebody puts a code on my desk. Something no one else can break. Maybe I take a shot at it and maybe I break it. I'm real happy with myself because I did my job well. But maybe that code was the location of some rebel army... Will: [cut to Sean's office as Will recites the recruitment interview] in North Africa or Middle East. Once they have that location, they bomb the village where the rebels are hidin'. Fifteen hundred people that I never met, never had no problem with, get killed. Will: Now the politicians are saying, "Send in the Marines to secure the area," 'cause they don't give a shit. It won't be their kid over there gettin' shot, just like it wasn't them when their number got called 'cause they were in the National Guard. It'll be some kid from Southie over there takin' shrapnel in the ass. He comes back to find the plant he used to work at... got exported to the country he got back from, and the guy who put the shrapnel in his ass got his old job... 'cause he'll work for 15¢ a day and no bathroom breaks. Meanwhile, he realizes the only reason he was over there in the first place... was so we could install a government that would sell us oil at a good price. Of course, the oil companies used a skirmish over there to scare up domestic oil prices. A cute little ancillary benefit for them, but it ain't helpin' my buddy at $2.50 a gallon. They're takin' their sweet time bringin' the oil, of course. Maybe they even took the liberty to hire an alcoholic skipper, who likes to drink martinis and fuckin' play slalom with the icebergs. It ain't too long till he hits one, spills the oil... and kills all the sea life in the North Atlantic. Will: So now my buddy's out of work, he can't afford to drive, so he's walkin' to the fuckin' job interviews... which sucks because the shrapnel in his ass is givin' him chronic hemorrhoids. Meanwhile, he's starvin', 'cause every time he tries to get a bite to eat, the only blue plate special they're servin'... is North Atlantic scrod with Quaker State. Will: [indignantly] So what did I think? I'm holdin' out for somethin' better. I figure, fuck it. While I'm at it, why not just shoot my buddy, take his job, give it to his sworn enemy, hike up gas prices, bomb a village, club a baby seal, hit the hash pipe and join the National Guard? Will: [deadpan] I can be elected president. Sean: You feel like you're alone? Will: [incredulously] What?

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: [talking through the outside of the glass windows at Dunkin Donuts] Do you like apples? Clark: [talking through the glass on the inside] Yeah. Will: Well, I got her number. How do you like them apples?

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [in a gentlemen's bar] Hey, Gerry, In the 1960s there was a young man that graduated from the University of Michigan. Did some brilliant work in mathematics. Specifically bounded harmonic functions. Then he went on to Berkeley. He was assistant professor. Showed amazing potential. Then he moved to Montana, and blew the competition away. Lambeau: Yeah, so who was he? Sean: Ted Kaczynski. Lambeau: Haven't heard of him. Sean: [yelling to the bartender] Hey, Timmy! Timmy: Yo. Sean: Who's Ted Kaczynski? Timmy: Unabomber. [Lambeau winces as he realizes the point Sean is making]

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Skylar: [in Skylar's dorm room] What is your obsession with this money? My father died when I was 13 and I inherited this money. You don't think that every day I wake up and wish I could give it back? That I would give it back in a second if I could have one more day with him? But I can't, and that's my life and I deal with it. So don't put your shit on me when you're the one that's afraid. Will: I'm afraid? What am I afraid of? What the fuck am I afraid of? Skylar: You're afraid of me! You're afraid that I won't love you back! Fuck it, I wanna give it a shot! At least I'm honest with you.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: [after their last therapy session when they're hugging] Does this violate the doctor-patient relationship? Sean: Not unless you grab my ass.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [to Will] You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you see is every negative thing 10 miles down the road.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [yelling at Gerald] And why does he hang out with those retarded gorillas, as you called them? Because any one of them, if he asked them to, would take a fucking bat to your head, okay? It's called loyalty.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: I read your book last night. Sean: So you're the one.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: [during a therapy session, referring to Sean's wife] So, when did you know, like, that she was the one for you? Sean: October 21, 1975. Will: Jesus Christ. You know the fuckin' date? Sean: Oh yeah. 'Cause it was Game 6 of the World Series. Biggest game in Red Sox history. Will: Yeah, sure. Sean: My friends and I had, you know, slept out on the sidewalk all night to get tickets. Will: You got tickets? Sean: Yep. Day of the game. I was sittin' in a bar, waitin' for the game to start, and in walks this girl. Oh, it was an amazing game, though. You know, bottom of the eighth, Carbo ties it up at 6-6. It went to twelve. Bottom of the twelfth, in stepped Carlton Fisk. Old Pudge. Steps up to the plate, you know, and he's got that weird stance. Will: Yeah, yeah. Sean: And BAM! He clocks it. High fly ball down the left field line! Thirty-five thousand people, on their feet, yellin' at the ball, but that's not because of Fisk. He's wavin' at the ball like a madman. Will: Yeah, I've seen... Sean: He's going, "Get over! Get over! Get OVER!" And then it HITS the foul pole. OH, he goes apeshit, and 35,000 fans, you know, they charge the field, you know? Will: Yeah, and he's fuckin' bowlin' police out of the way! Sean: Goin', "God! Get out of the way! Get 'em away!" Banging people... Will: I can't fuckin' believe you had tickets to that fuckin' game! Sean: Yeah! Will: Did you rush the field? Sean: [surprised at the question] No, I didn't rush the fuckin' field; I wasn't there. Will: What? Sean: No - I was in a bar havin' a drink with my future wife. Will: You missed Pudge Fisk's home run? Sean: Oh, yeah. Will: To have a fuckin' drink with some lady you never met? Sean: Yeah, but you shoulda seen her; she was a stunner.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: I just have a little question here. You could be a janitor anywhere. Why did work at the most prestigious technical college in the whole fuckin' world? And why did you sneak around at night and finish other people's formulas that only one or two people in the world could do and then lie about it? 'Cause I don't see a lot of honor in that, Will.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: You know what? You can shove your medal up your fucking ass! Because I don't give a shit about your medal. Because I knew you before you were a mathematical God. When you were pimple-faced and homesick and didn't know which side of the bed to piss on! Lambeau: Yeah, you were smarter than me then and you're smarter than me now, so don't blame me for how your life turned out, it's not my fault. Sean: I DON'T BLAME YOU! It's not about *you*, you mathematical dick!

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [about Will to Gerald] He pushes people away before they get a chance to leave him. It's a defense mechanism. And for 20 years he's been alone because of that. And if you push him right now, it's gonna be the same thing all over again and I'm not gonna let that happen to him.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Skylar: [while drinking coffee on the outside patio of a coffee shop] Do you have lots of brothers and sisters? Will: I'm Irish Catholic, what do you think? Skylar: But how many? Will: You wouldn't believe me if I told you. Skylar: Why? Go on, what, 5? 7? 8? How many? Will: I have 12 big brothers. Skylar: You do not have 12 brothers. Will: I swear to God, I swear to God, I'm lucky 13 right here. Skylar: Do you know all their names? Will: Do I... yeah, they're my brothers. Skylar: What are they called? Will: Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian. Skylar: Say it again. Will: Marky, Ricky, Danny, Terry, Mikey, Davey, Timmy, Tommy, Joey, Robby, Johnny, and Brian. Skylar: ...and Willy. Will: Willy? Will...

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Billy: [to Will with Morgan, Chuckie present] You're legally allowed to drink now, so we figured the best thing for you was a car.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: [during a therapy session] You know, I was on this plane once. And I'm sittin' there and the captain comes on and he does his whole, "We'll be cruising at 35,000 feet," then he puts the mike down but he forgets to turn it off. Then he turns to the copilot and goes, "You know, all I could go for right now is a fuckin' blow job and a cup of coffee." So the stewardess fuckin' goes bombin' up from the back of the plane to tell him the mic's still on, and this guy behind me goes, "Hey, hon, don't forget the coffee!" Sean: [CHUCKLING] You ever been on a plane ? Will: No, but it's a fuckin' joke. It works better if I tell it in the first person. Sean: Yeah, it does.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [during a therapy session, after coming from the job interview with the NSA] Do you feel like you're alone, Will? Will: [laughs] What? Sean: Do you have a soul mate? Will: Define that. Sean: Somebody who challenges you. Will: I have Chuckie. Sean: You know Chuck; he's family. He'd lie down in fuckin' traffic for you. No, I'm talking about someone who opens up things for you - touches your soul. Will: I got - I got... Sean: Who? Will: ...I got plenty. Sean: Well, name them. Will: Shakespeare, Nietzsche, Frost, O'Connor, Pope, Locke... Sean: That's great. They're all dead. Will: Not to me they're not. Sean: Well, you don't have a lot of dialogue with them. You can't give back to them, Will. Will: Well, not without some serious smelling salts and a heater. [laughs] Sean: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're always afraid to take the first step because all you see is every negative thing ten miles down the road.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Skylar: [before leaving the bar to catch up with his friends] Maybe we could go out for coffee sometime? Will: Great, or maybe we could get together and just eat a bunch of caramels. Skylar: What? Will: When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee. Skylar: [laughs] Okay, sounds good.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Skylar: What if I said I wouldn't have sex with you again 'til I got to meet your friends; what would you say? Will: I'd say it's 4:30 in the morning; they're probably up. [he picks up Skylar's phone and begins dialing] Skylar: [laughing] Men are shameless. If you're not thinking with your wiener, then you're acting directly on its behalf. Will: Thank you. Chuckie: [answering the phone at the other end] Eh! What the fuck? Will: Nothing, Chuckie; go back to sleep. [Will hangs up the phone]

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: I teach this shit, I didn't say I know how to do it.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [during a therapy session] Maybe *you're* perfect right now. Maybe you don't wanna ruin that. I think that's a super philosophy, Will; that way you can go through your entire life without ever having to really know anybody... Will: ...You ever think about gettin' remarried? Sean: My wife's dead. Will: Hence the word: remarried. Sean: She's dead. Will: Yeah; well, I think that's a super philosophy, Sean. I mean, that way you could actually go through the rest of your life without ever really knowing anybody. Sean: Time's up.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Chuckie: Hey asshole. Will: What, bitch? Chuckie: Happy birthday.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Morgan: [to Skylar and her friend, referring to Will] My boy's wicked smart.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Chuckie: [upon entering the bar for the first time with Bill, Morgan and Will] So this is a Harvard bar, huh? I thought there'd be equations and shit on the wall.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: Nail them while they're vulnerable, that's my motto.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [to his class with Gerald present] See you Monday. We'll be talking about Freud and why he did enough cocaine to kill a small horse.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: [talking to Skylar in her dorm room] What do you wanna know? That I don't have 12 brothers? That I'm a fuckin' orphan? You don't wanna hear that... no, you don't wanna hear that. You don't wanna hear that I got fuckin' cigarettes put out on me when I was a little kid! That this [points to his left ribs] Will: is 'cause the motherfucker stabbed me! You don't wanna hear that shit, Skylar. Tell me you don't wanna hear that shit isn't fuckin' surgery!

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Lambeau: [in a gentlemen's bar, attempting to prove to Sean that his interest in Will is not about fame] Tim, can you help us? We're trying to settle a bet. Tim: Uh-oh. Lambeau: Ever heard of Jonas Salk? Tim: Sure, cured polio. Lambeau: And you've heard of Albert Einstein? [Tim laughs] Lambeau: How about Gerald Lambeau? Ever heard of him? Tim: No. Lambeau: Thank you, Tim. Tim: So, who won the bet? Lambeau: I did. [Tim walks off] Lambeau: This isn't about me, Sean. I'm nothing compared to this young man.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [during a therapy session with Will] My wife used to fart in her sleep.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [in Sean's office] One night it was so loud, it woke the dog up. [BOTH LAUGHING] Sean: She woke up and gone, like, "Was that you ?" I said, "Yeah." I didn't have the heart to tell her. Oh, God. Will: She woke herself up ? [LAUGHING] Sean: Yes. Oh, Christ. But, Will, she's been dead two years and that's the shit I remember. It's wonderful stuff, you know ? Little things like that. Yeah, but those are the things I miss the most. Those little idiosyncrasies that only I knew about. That's what made her my wife. Boy, and she had the goods on me too. She knew all my little peccadillos. People call these things "imperfections," but they're not. That's the good stuff. And then we get to choose who we let into our weird little worlds. You're not perfect, sport. And let me save you the suspense. This girl you met, she isn't perfect either. But the question is whether or not you're perfect for each other. That's the whole deal. That's what intimacy is all about. Now you can know everything in the world, sport, but the only way you're finding' out that one is by giving' it a shot.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Will: Fuck you. Sean: You're the shepherd.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Lambeau: You're angry at me for doing what you could have done; but ask yourself, Sean. Ask yourself if you want Will to feel that way, if you want him to feel like a failure. Sean: Oh, you arrogant shit! That's why I don't come to the goddamned reunions, 'cause I can't stand that look in your eye. Ya know, that condescending, embarrassed look. You think I'm a failure. I know who I am, and I'm proud of what I do. I was a conscientious choice, I didn't fuck up! And you and your cronies think I'm some sort of pity case. You and your kiss-ass chorus following you around going, "The Fields Medal! The Fields Medal!" Why are you still so fuckin' afraid of failure?

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Skylar: [eating on a counter at a fast food stand] You were hoping for a good night kiss. Will: No, you know. I'll tell ya, I was hoping for a good night lay, but I'd settle for a good night kiss. Skylar: [bursts out laughing] How very noble of you. Will: Thank you... But I was, you know, hoping for a good night kiss. Skylar: Well, let's just get it out of the way. Come on, come on. [they have their first kiss, Skylar giggling the whole time] Skylar: [after a few seconds, Skylar bursts out laughing] I think I got some of your pickle!

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [in a gentlemen's bar] Put it on my tab Tim: You ever plan on paying your tab? Sean: Yeah, chief. I've got the winning lottery ticket right here. Tim: What's the jackpot? Sean: Twelve million. Tim: I don't think that will cover it. Sean: Yeah, but it'll cover your sex-change operation!

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Lambeau: [in Gerald's office] What happened at the MacNeil meeting? Will: Oh, I couldn't go. I had a date, so I sent my chief negotiator. Lambeau: On your own time you can do whatever you'd like Will, but when I set up a meeting with my associates and you don't show up, it reflects poorly on me. Will: Well then don't set up any more meetings. Lambeau: Well, I won't. I'll cancel them. I'd give you a job myself, I just wanted you to see what was out there. Will: Look, maybe I don't want to spend the rest of my fucking life sitting around and explaining shit to people. Lambeau: I think you could show me some appreciation. Will: A little appreciation? [Will picks up the math sheet] Will: Do you know how easy this is for me? Do you have any fucking idea how easy this is? This is a fucking joke! And I'm sorry you can't do this, I really am because I wouldn't have to fucking sit here and watch you fumble around and fuck it up. Lambeau: Then you'd have more time to sit around and get drunk instead, wouldn't you? Will: You're right, this is probably a total waste of my time [Will lights the math sheet on fire] Lambeau: [Runs and grabs the math sheet to blow out the fire] You're right Will. I can't do this proof. But you can, and when it comes to that it's only about... it's just a handful of people in the world who can tell the difference between you and me. But I'm one of them. Will: Sorry. Lambeau: Yeah, so am I. Most days I wish I never met you. Because then I could sleep at night, and I wouldn't... and I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge that there's someone like you out there. [Will leaves the room] Lambeau: I didn't have to watch you throw it all away.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Morgan: [in a bar] Man, I can't believe you brought Skylar here when we're all fucking bombed and been drinking. What the fuck is she gonna think about us? Will: [sarcastically] Yeah, Morgan, it's a real rarity that we'd be out drinking.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Chuckie: [while leaving a Little League baseball game] Morgan, I'm not going to Kelly's just because you like the takeout girl. It's 15 minutes out of our way. Morgan: What the fuck are we gonna do that we can't spare 15 minutes?

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [to Will] You have a bullshit answer for everything.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Morgan: [in Chuckie's car, Morgan in the passenger side back seat, Bill sitting in the backseat of the driver's side] Double Burger. [singing] Morgan: Chuck, I had a double burger! Chuckie: Will you shut the fuck up? I know what you ordered, I was there. Morgan: So give me my fucking sandwich. Chuckie: What do you mean your sandwich? I bought it. Hey Morgan, how much money you got on you? Morgan: I said I'd give you the change when we ordered the Sno-Cones when we pulled up, so why don't you give me my sandwich and stop being a prick. Chuckie: Well why don't you give me your fucking sixteen cents you got on you and we'll put your sandwich on layaway. There you go, keep it right up here for you, We'll put you on a program. Everyday you bring your six cents and at the end of the week you'll get your sandwich. Morgan: Why do you have to be such an asshole? Chuckie: What am I, fuckin' sandwich welfare? I think you should establish a good line of credit. Like how you bought your couch, payment plans. Remember how your mother brought in $10 everyday for a year and she finally got her couch Rent-A-Center Style? Morgan: Can I have my food now please? Chuckie: [throws the burger at Morgan] Here's your fucking double burger!

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Sean: [forcibly grabbing the front of Will's throat] If you ever disrespect my wife again, I will end you. I will fucking end you. You got that, chief? Will: Time's up.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Chuckie: [impersonating Will at a job interview] You're suspect! Yeah, you! I don't know what your reputation is in this town, but after the shit you tried to pull today you can bet I'll be looking into you. Now the business we have, heretofore, you can speak with my aforementioned attorney. Good day, gentlemen; and until that day comes, keep your ear to the grindstone.

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Chuckie: Christ, who did you call? Will: No one. I forgot the number. Morgan: You fuckin' retarded? You went all the way out there in the rain and you didn't bring the number? Will: No, it was your mother's 900 number. I just ran out of quarters. Morgan: Hey, how about we get off of mothers, all right? I just got off of yours!

§Good Will Hunting ¤ Chuckie: [in Chuckie's dining room] Wait, Bill. Hold it. Did you hear that? [Man moans upstairs] Chuckie: Morgan! If you're watching pornos in my mom's room again, I'm gonna give you a fucking beating! [Morgan runs downstairs] Morgan: What's up, fellas? Billy: Morgan, why don't you jerk off in your own fucking house? Man, that's fucking filthy. Morgan: I ain't got a VCR in my house. Chuckie: Aw, c'mon, not on my glove. Morgan: I didn't use the glove. Chuckie: That's my Little League glove. Morgan: What do you want me to do? Chuckie: I mean, what's wrong with you? You'll hump a baseball glove? Morgan: I was just using it for cleanup. Chuckie: Stop jerking off in my mother's room! Morgan: Ain't there another VCR in the house? Chuckie: It's just sad, bro.

§Your Name. ¤ Hitoha Miyamizu: Treasure the experience. Dreams fade away after you wake up.

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: Haven't we met?... Mitsuha Miyamizu: I thought so too!... Taki Tachibana, Mitsuha Miyamizu: Your name is...

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: Musubi? Hitoha Miyamizu: Musubi is the old way of calling the local guardian god. This word has profound meaning. Typing thread is Musubi. Connecting people is Musubi. The flow of time is Musubi. These are all the god's power. So the braided cords that we make are the god's art and represent the flow of time itself. They converge and take shape. They twist, tangle, sometimes unravel, break, and then connect again. Musubi - knotting. That's time.

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: There's no way we could meet. But one thing is certain. If we see each other, we'll know. That you were the one who was inside me. That I was the one who was inside you.

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: Once in a while when I wake up. I find myself crying.

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: This feeling has possessed me, I think, from that day... Taki Tachibana: ...that day when the stars came falling. It was almost as if... Mitsuha Miyamizu: ...as if it was a scene from a dream. Nothing more, nothing less... Mitsuha Miyamizu, Taki Tachibana: ...than a beautiful view.

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: The dream I must have had I can never recall. But... Mitsuha Miyamizu: But... the sensation that I've lost something lingers for a longtime after I wake up.

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: Our timelines weren't in step. If time can really be turned back, give me one last chance.

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: I'm not sure if I'm searching for a person or a place, or if I'm just searching for a job.

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's really you. Taki Tachibana: I came to see you. It wasn't easy because you were so far away. Mitsuha Miyamizu: But how? At that moment, I... Taki Tachibana: I drank your kuchikamisake. Mitsuha Miyamizu: You drank that? You idiot! Pervert! Oh yeah, and you touched my boobs! Taki Tachibana: How do you know that? Mitsuha Miyamizu: Yotsuha saw it. Taki Tachibana: Oh! Sorry, I couldn't help it! It was just once. Mitsuha Miyamizu: Just once? Doesn't how many times! Jerk. Taki Tachibana: Sorry.

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: [She's asleep] Taki. Taki. Don't you remember me? [In her dream] Mitsuha Miyamizu: My name is... Mitsuha.

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: So we don't forget when we wake up. Let's write our names on each other. Mitsuha Miyamizu: OK! [Taki's pen dropped]

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana, Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's twilight - "kataware-doki."

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: [In Tokyo subway] Hey! What is your name? Mitsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha! My name is Mitsuha!

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: Is this... Could this be... Taki Tachibana: Could this be that we're really... Mitsuha Miyamizu: In our dreams, that guy and I are... Taki Tachibana: In our dreams, that girl and I are... Mitsuha Miyamizu, Taki Tachibana: switching places?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: [in Taki's dairy] "By the time the date is over, the comet will be visible in the sky."

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: Your name is...

§Your Name. ¤ Hitoha Miyamizu: You're normal today. Yotsuha Miyamizu: You were nuts yesterday. Mitsuha Miyamizu: What are you talking about?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: [shouts] I hate this town! I hate this life! Please make me a handsome Tokyo boy in my next life! Yotsuha Miyamizu: What a fool...

§Your Name. ¤ Hitoha Miyamizu: In exchange for returning to this world, you must leave behind what is most important to you. The kuchikamisake. Mitsuha Miyamizu: The kuchikamisake? Hitoha Miyamizu: You'll offer it inside the god's body. It's half of you. Mitsuha Miyamizu: Half of Mitsuha...

§Your Name. ¤ Yotsuha Miyamizu: Why not sell lots of Kuchikamisake and use the money to go to Tokyo? Mitsuha Miyamizu: Where do you get such ideas? Yotsuha Miyamizu: Sell them with photos and making videos. Name it "Shrine Maiden's Sake". You'll make money. Mitsuha Miyamizu: Umm... ["Shrine Maiden's Sake" in her thought] Mitsuha Miyamizu: No! That breaks the Liquor Tax Law.

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: I'll tell her about the disastrous date the next time we switch, I thought. But for some reason, after that, Mitsuha and I never switched places again.

§Your Name. ¤ Sayaka Natori: Trains come every 2 hours. Mitsuha Miyamizu: The store closes at 9 p.m. Sayaka Natori: No bookstore. No dentist. Mitsuha Miyamizu: But 2 pubs for some reason. Sayaka Natori: No jobs. Mitsuha Miyamizu: No brides. Sayaka Natori: Short sunlight hours. Katsuhiko Teshigawara: Give me a break! Mitsuha Miyamizu, Sayaka Natori: What? Katsuhiko Teshigawara: I mean... How about we stop by café? Mitsuha Miyamizu, Sayaka Natori: A café'? Really? Where?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: [while they are exchanging messages] Guys will stare, so watch the skirt! These are basics for a girl! Taki Tachibana: Yeah... Whatever... Will you stop blowing my money on sweets? Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's going in your body! Besides, your job is such a pain... Lemme' celebrate! Taki Tachibana: Celebrate what? You got the easy crap! Braiding cords is impossible! All you gotta do is wait tables! Mitsuha Miyamizu: But you work waay too many shifts... Taki Tachibana: Because you keep wasting my money! Mitsuha Miyamizu: Went for coffee with Ms. Okudera on the way home! You two have a good thing goin'! Taki Tachibana: Mitsuha... Quit messing with my love life! Mitsuha Miyamizu: Look who's talking! I was on the way to school with Tessie and Saya the other day... And you know what happened? A girl came up and confessed to me! Taki Tachibana: It's not my fault... I can't help it! Besides, you're more popular when I'm you. Mitsuha Miyamizu: Ooh, look at you, Mr. Ladies Man! If you're so popular, why am I the one chatting up girls for you? Taki Tachibana: I never asked for your help! And if you're so confident in your matchmaking skills, get yourself a boyfriend, why don'tcha! Mitsuha Miyamizu: [while writing a word on her face] I told you... Taki Tachibana: [while writing a word on his face] I told you. Taki Tachibana, Mitsuha Miyamizu: I'm single because I wanna be!

§Your Name. ¤ Yotsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha, what are you doing? Mitsuha Miyamizu: [Boobs squeezing] Well, it feels incredibly realistic... What? Mitsuha? Yotsuha Miyamizu: Are you half asleep? Breakfast! Hurry up!

§Your Name. ¤ Sayaka Natori: Oh, and Tessie. Lose the beard before the wedding. I'll lose 3 kg. Katsuhiko Teshigawara: You're eating a cake. Sayaka Natori: I'll start tomorrow.

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: I shouldn't for her sake Yotsuha Miyamizu: [Walks into room to find Mitsuha touching her boobs] You sure do like your boobs.

§Your Name. ¤ Shinta Takagi: How could you get lost on the way to school? Taki Tachibana: Uh... Well... I [watashi] Shinta Takagi: Feminine? Taki Tachibana: I [watakushi] Taki Tachibana: ? [2 boys are confused] Taki Tachibana: I [boku] Taki Tachibana: ? [2 boys lean and look at Taki in more confusion] Taki Tachibana: I [ore] Taki Tachibana: ? [2 boys nod]

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: Kataware-doki is almost... Taki Tachibana: over.

§Your Name. ¤ Hitoha Miyamizu: Mitsuha. You're dreaming right now, aren't you?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: [in Taki's diary] "I wanted to go on this date, but if it so happens that you end up going, you better enjoy it!"

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: [in Taki's diary] "However, I'm sure you've never gone out on a date before, so below are some links to help you out, you late bloomer."

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: Thank you for saving me today. Miki Okudera: Actually, I was concerned about you. You're weak but quick-tempered. I like you better today. Never knew you had a feminine side.

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: Tsukasa, did you prank my phone and... Oh, never mind. See you. [Taki leaves] Shinta Takagi: He's acting normal today. Tsukasa Fujii: Yesterday he was kind of cute. Shinta Takagi: Eh!

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: What should I do? Would I annoy him? Would it be awkward? Or maybe he'd be a bit glad to see me?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: That time 3 years ago, you came to see me!

§Your Name. ¤ Yotsuha Miyamizu: Mitsuha, you're not touching your boobs today. Breakfast! Hurry up! Mitsuha Miyamizu: Boobs?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: Some mornings I wake up crying without knowing why. That sort of thing happens now and again. Taki Tachibana: Whatever the dream was I had I can never remember it. But... Mitsuha Miyamizu: But... The only thing that does last when I wake up is a sense of loss, which lingers for a long time afterwards. Taki Tachibana: I'm always searching for something, or someone. Mitsuha Miyamizu: I've been consumed by this feeling ever since that day... Taki Tachibana: The day a star fell. It was almost like... Mitsuha Miyamizu: Like seeing something out of a dream. Nothing more or less... Mitsuha Miyamizu, Taki Tachibana: Than a breathtaking view.

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: I shouldn't for her sake.

§Your Name. ¤ Katsuhiko Teshigawara: [looking outside] we both have it rough, don't we?

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: [writing a diary] "Walked to the station with Ms. Okudera after work, thanks to my feminine powers!"

§Your Name. ¤ Shinta Takagi: Let's go to a café. Tsukasa Fujii: Oh that one? OK. Coming, Taki? Taki Tachibana: What? What? What? A café?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: He's so lucky. They must be together around now.

§Your Name. ¤ Sayaka Natori: Why do guys associate cutting hair with breakups?

§Your Name. ¤ Futaha Miyamizu: What on earth are you talking about? Mitsuha Miyamizu: I said we have to evacuate everyone in town before tonight or... Futaha Miyamizu: Shut your mouth. [pause] Futaha Miyamizu: The comet will split and strike the town? Over 500 people will die? How dare you spout such nonsense? If you're serious, then you're sick. Madness must be from the Miyamizu side. I'll get someone to drive you to a hospital in the city. I'll listen to you after a doctor examines you. Mitsuha Miyamizu: You son of a... Futaha Miyamizu: Mitsuha. No... Who... Who are you?

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: Oh, this... Taki Tachibana: Oh. Really, why'd you come see me before I knew you? There's no way I'd recognize you. Here I kept it for 3 years. Now you keep it. Mitsuha Miyamizu: Yes!

§Your Name. ¤ Miki Okudera: Thanks for today. This is far enough. You be happy someday too. [waving goodbye]

§Your Name. ¤ Taki Tachibana: I came all this way to see you. Which wasn't easy, since you were pretty far away. Mitsuha Miyamizu: Uh... how is that even...? Because, like that... Taki Tachibana: Well, I drank some of your kuchikamisake. Mitsuha Miyamizu: [blushing with embarrassment] You... you drank that? Taki Tachibana: Uh... Mitsuha Miyamizu: Stupid pervert! Taki Tachibana: Wha - ? Mitsuha Miyamizu: Yeah, that's right! You were touching my boobies, weren't you? Taki Tachibana: What? Wh-H-How do you even...? Mitsuha Miyamizu: Cause Yotsuha saw you! Taki Tachibana: I just... eh, I couldn't help myself. But it was just the one time. Mitsuha Miyamizu: Just the one time? How many times isn't the issue! Taki Tachibana: Uh... sorry.

§Your Name. ¤ Futaha Miyamizu: Mitsuha. Stand up straight!

§Your Name. ¤ Mitsuha Miyamizu: It's too small and close-knit. I want to graduate and go to Tokyo. Sayaka Natori: I don't blame you. There's really nothing in this town.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: [to Deborah] There were two things I couldn't get out of my mind. One was Dominic, the way he said, "I slipped," just before he died. The other was you. How you used to read me your Song of Songs, remember? "How beautiful are your feet / In sandals, O prince's daughter." I used to read the Bible every night. Every night I used to think about you. "Your navel is a bowl / Well-rounded with no lack of wine / Your belly, a heap of wheat / Surrounded with lilies / Your breasts / Clusters of grapes / Your breath, sweet-scented as apples." Nobody's gonna love you the way I loved you. There were times I couldn't stand it any more. I used to think of you. I'd think, "Deborah lives. She's out there. She exists." And that would get me through it all. You know how important that was to me?

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Deborah Gelly: Age can wither me, Noodles. We're both getting old. All that we have left now are our memories. If you go to that party on Saturday night, you won't have those anymore. Tear up that invitation.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [last words] Dominic: [shot by Bugsy] Noodles... I slip... ped.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [Deborah cleans up the bar while the rest of the family is out. Noodles walks in] Young Deborah: What are you doing? Young Noodles: Give me a drink. Young Deborah: We're closed. Nice people don't drink on Pesach, they go to the synagogue. Young Noodles: So what are YOU doing here? Young Deborah: Somebody's got to keep an eye on the place. There are a lot of thieves out there. One could get into your house. Young Noodles: Especially if you leave the door open. Young Deborah: You can pray here too. Here or in the synagogue, to God it's the same difference. Come over here and sit down...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Young Deborah: [to Noodles, reading the Torah] "My beloved is white and ruddy. His skin is as the most fine gold. His cheeks are as a bed of spices." Even though he hasn't washed since last December. "His eyes are as the eyes of doves. His body is as bright ivory. His legs are as pillars of marble." In pants so dirty they stand by themselves. "He is altogether lovable." But he'll always be a two-bit punk... so he'll never be my beloved. What a shame.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [last lines] Secretary Bailey: [checking his pocket watch] It's 10:25. And I've got nothing left to lose. When you've been betrayed by a friend, you hit back. Do it. [Noodles is still and silent for a long time] Noodles: You see, Mr Secretary... I have a story also, a little simpler than yours. Many years ago, I had a friend, a dear friend. I turned him in to save his life, but he was killed. But he wanted it that way. It was a great friendship. But it went bad for him, and it went bad for me too. Good night, Mr Bailey. [He looks at the man in front of him for the last time] Noodles: I hope the investigation turns out to be nothing. It'd be a shame to see a lifetime of work go to waste. [He leaves, with Max looking after him with remorse and sorrow]

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Deborah Gelly: There's an exit back this way. Noodles, go through it. Keep walking. Don't turn around. Please, Noodles, I'm begging you, please.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [after Joe is executed] Max: You okay? Noodles: How come you didn't tell me? Max: Being inside can change you. I'd already made the deal with Frankie to get rid of Joe. With a man like Frankie Minaldi you don't say yes, and then no. I could not take the chance that you'd change your mind. You understand. Noodles: You're right. I would have said no. Max: Frankie is as big as they come. He's got the Combination in his hand. Noodles: If we're not careful, he'll have us in his hand. Max: You don't get nowhere alone. Noodles: I thought you didn't like bosses. It sounded like a good idea then. It still is. Max: Let's just think about it, Noodles. They're gonna ask us to come in with them. There's a lot in it for us... Noodles: Today they asked us to get rid of Joe, tomorrow they ask me to get rid of you. Is that okay with you? 'Cause it's not okay with me! Max: All right! let's just forget about it...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Deborah Gelly: You dancing? Noodles: You asking? Deborah Gelly: I'm asking. Noodles: I'm dancing. [they dance]

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: It's true I have killed people, Mr. Bailey. Sometimes to defend myself, sometimes for money. And many people used to come to us. Business partners, rivals, lovers. Some of the jobs we took, and some we didn't. Yours is one we would never touch, Mr Bailey. Max: Is this your idea of revenge? Noodles: No. It's just the way I see things.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: How's your sister? Fat Moe: I ain't seen her for years. She's a big star now. Noodles: We should have known, huh? You can always tell the winners at the starting gate. You can always tell the winners, and you can tell the losers. [looks at Moe] Noodles: Who would've put a penny on you? Fat Moe: I'd have put everything I ever had on you. Noodles: Yeah, and you would've lost. Fat Moe: Well, you're beat. Good night. Noodles: Good night, Moe. Thanks. Fat Moe: What have you been doing all these years? Noodles: I've been going to bed early.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: Why'd you ask me to come here, Mr. Bailey? Secretary Bailey: That invitation doesn't mean a goddamn thing, and you know it. All that counts is what was in that suitcase: the money and the contract. Noodles: It didn't say who the contract was on, though. Secretary Bailey: Haven't you figured that out yet? Noodles: You, Mr. Bailey? I haven't had a gun in my hand for many, many years. My eyes aren't too good, even with my glasses. My hands shake. And I wouldn't want to miss, Mr Bailey. Secretary Bailey: Cut the bullshit, Noodles, I'm already a dead man! At least give me the chance to settle the debt that I owe to you! I'll never make it before the investigating committee... [indicates the people at his party] Secretary Bailey: They're scared I'll implicate the whole bunch of 'em, they gotta get rid of me. Today is as good a day as any. You do it, Noodles. You're the only person I can accept it from. You see, I found out where you were. I brought you back here for this, to even the score between you and me. [points to a side door] Secretary Bailey: You can get out through there. It leads right down to the street. Nobody will see you. Noodles: I don't know what you're talking about. You don't owe me a thing. Secretary Bailey: Your eyes were too full of tears to see it wasn't me burned up on that street. It was somebody else. You were too shocked to realize that the cops were in on it too. That was a Syndicate operation, Noodles. Noodles: You're crazy... Secretary Bailey: You said that to me once before, a long time ago. But my mind was never as clear as it was at that moment. I took away your whole life from you. I've been living in your place. I took everything. I took your money, I took your girl. All I left for you was 35 years of grief over having killed me. Now why don't you shoot?

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Max: You'll be carrying the stink of the streets with you for the rest of your life! Noodles: I like the stink of the streets. It makes me feel good. And I like the smell of it, it opens up my lungs. And it gives me a hard-on.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [In 1932, Noodles takes Deborah out to dinner] Deborah Gelly: Been waiting long? Noodles: All my life.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [In 1968, Noodles meets a familiar figure in heavy make-up...] Noodles: Hello, Deborah. [For a long time, Deborah is silent and still] Noodles: Aren't you gonna say anything? Deborah Gelly: What is someone supposed to say after... after more than thirty years? Noodles: Well, how about "How're you doing? You look good." Or, "I was hoping I'd never see you again." Deborah Gelly: I never thought I would. There's a difference.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Joe Minaldi: [inspecting diamonds through a loupe] Any trouble? Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: No trouble. Kid stuff. [Pulls out a gun and shoots Joe in the eye through the loupe]

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Young Noodles: You'll put up, and you'll shut up! You hear nothing, and you see nothing! Just like you did for Bugsy!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [In 1931, Max picks up a just-released Noodles in a hearse] Max: We got a rush job. Here. Come here, look at this. Come here. [gestures to the back of the hearse] Max: Sudden death. Fucking tragedy, huh? 26 years old. Noodles: 26? What a shame! Max: Great stiff. She died of an overdose. Girl in Coffin: [sitting up] And I'm ready for another! Max: [pushes Noodles into the hearse] Pump the life into her! You didn't turn pansy in there, did you?... There you go! [Max starts the hearse and looks at some people surprised at the noises coming from the hearse] Max: Turning over in the grave, they do it every time...! [the hearse parks in front of Fat Moe's diner at night] Girl in Coffin: [exhausted] Don't worry. A pansy he ain't. Noodles: Thanks.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: What does Bailey want from me? Deborah Gelly: You came to ask me that? Noodles: Why'd he send me an invitation? Deborah Gelly: I don't know! I don't know! I don't know! Why should I know about your invitations? What do you want? Why did you come here? I know nothing! I know nothing! Noodles: Now you're a lousy actress...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: I always thought you might have helped yourself to that million bucks. But now I know. Yeah, you're on your ass worse than ever. Fat Moe: But I thought it was you who... Noodles: No, you thought wrong. The suitcase was empty. Fat Moe: Then who took it? Noodles: That's what I've been asking myself for 35 years.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [Noodles gives Moe a letter to read] Fat Moe: Who's Robert Williams? Noodles: I am. Fat Moe: [reading] "We wish to inform you that following the sale of the Beth Israel Cemetery..." The synagogue sent these out if you wanted to relocate your loved ones. I got the same letter on account of my father. Noodles: Only the synagogue didn't send that. I got that last week, and the rabbi told me he sent those out about eight months ago. Fat Moe: Yeah, that's right. That's about when I got mine. So... what else did the rabbi say? Noodles: He said I was lucky. The bodies of... Philip Stein, Maximilian Bercovicz, Patrick Goldberg... were already spoken for. And they were up in a very fancy cemetery in Riverdale. Fat Moe: What's this all mean? Noodles: It means, "Noodles, though you've been hiding in the asshole of the world, we found you. We know where you are." It means, "Get ready." Fat Moe: For what? Noodles: That's the one thing it didn't say.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Deborah Gelly: Noodles... you're the only person that I have ever... Noodles: Ever what? Noodles: Go ahead, ever what? Deborah Gelly: ...that I ever cared about. But you'd lock me up and throw away the key, wouldn't you? Noodles: Yeah. Yeah, I guess so. Deborah Gelly: Yeah... and the thing is, I probably wouldn't even mind. Noodles: So? Deborah Gelly: So... I got to get to where I'm going. Noodles: And where's that? Deborah Gelly: To the top. Noodles: Now you sound just like Maxie. You's both alike, that's why you hate each other.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Young Patsy: Hey, stop by for you later! Young Noodles: Yeah, but knock here on the john first! My old man's praying, and my old lady's crying, and the light's turned off. What the hell should I go home for? At least in here I can read...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [about Max's Reserve Bank job] Carol: What chance is there that a crazy thing like this might succeed? Noodles: Don't ask me, ask Max. Carol: You know as well as I do that this is suicide, pure and simple, for everyone. Noodles: Yeah, well, don't tell me, tell him. You got your own methods. Carol: I tried. He doesn't want to screw anymore. All he thinks about is this job: tear gas, hostages... Now he's gonna do this, and he's gonna do it with or without you! Carol: Noodles, we've never liked each other. We put up with each other for Max. So why don't we get together once... and do something for him. And after that, we can go back to being enemies. Carol: You know... if you were all in jail first... there wouldn't be any bank job. Carol: I got the idea from your friend Max. Noodles: What do you mean? Carol: He laughs at you. He makes fun of you. He says Eve has got you by the balls. Every time you walk past this place, you shit in your pants. You'd do anything for the cops to pick you up, so you wouldn't have to do this. Well then, do it. Do it! Put him in jail. Put him in jail. Not long, just long enough so he can get the idea out of his mind. If you can't stand being away from him, put yourself there too. Better off than being dead. You know what to do. And if you don't, I will.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Young Max: From here on, we establish the shared funds of the gang. They belong to all of us together, and to none of us alone. And we solemnly swear to put in 50 per cent of everything we make. Agreed? Young Noodles, Young Cockeye, Young Patsy, Dominic: Agreed. Dominic: I wanna take another peek!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Frankie Minaldi: Hey, Joe, tell these guys the story about the pussy being insured. What is it? Tell these guys how you stumbled on this whole thing. Tell them the story. Come on. Pussy insurance, the insurance pussies. Tell them that story. Joe Minaldi: Life is stranger than shit, that's all. It's a pisser. No big story. I got this insurance agent, this Jew kid named David. He conned me into every policy in the world. Every policy, name it, dogs, house, wife, life, anything. I'm drinking with the boys one night. He comes in with his wife, a brunette with a nice ass who works for a jeweller. And he's still on the hustle, this guy. So I wink at the guys, I say, "Look... the most serious policy, you don't have me covered for." He goes, "What's that, Joe?" "Cock insurance. You make me a policy that when it don't work, I get a payment. I'll write out a check now." He thinks, and he says, "I don't know if the actuality gauges govern this... but we can make a policy. But you gotta guarantee you're in good health now." I says, "Look, leave her with me. Come back and see if it stands up. If it stands up, you know I'm in good health." The jerk leaves her. I screw her. Not only that, she likes it. And she tells me when her boss, the jeweller is shipping stones to Holland, where he keeps his stash - in a drawer in the safe - everything! Can't ask for more, right? Except, one better. I never paid the first premium on the new cock policy. Max: [laughing] Cock insurance... Joe Minaldi: Life is funnier than shit. But... be easy with the girl. I mean that. Be easy with the girl.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [In 1931, Max greets Noodles, who has just gotten out after 10 years in prison] Max: Can I take that for you, sir? Your limousine is waiting. [takes Noodles' bag] Noodles: Maxie... Max: You're looking good. Noodles: You're looking a little better.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: I'm not interested in friends from those places, and I don't trust politicians! Max: You're still acting like a street schmuck! You know, if we'd listened to you, we'd still be rolling out drunks for a living!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [Noodles meets a young man, the spitting image of Max] Deborah Gelly: This is Secretary Bailey's son. His name is David, just like yours.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Secretary Bailey: Sit down, Noodles. Make yourself comfortable. I'm glad you accepted my invitation. Noodles: Well, I was curious. So many important people in one place... Secretary Bailey: Yes. Well, the rats usually desert a sinking ship. But in my case, they appear to be flocking on board. Noodles: Yeah, well, I read about your troubles in the newspapers. But a man in your position, with all your power and all your privileges, has to assume a certain amount of responsibility... a certain amount of risk.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [as Deborah dances to a record of "Amapola", she catches Noodles spying on her in the bathroom] Young Deborah: Get down off of there, roach! That record's just like Ex-Lax - every time I put it on, you have to go to the bathroom!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [Prohibition is repealed] Noodles: Hey, Maxie. Max! How much money we got put away? Max: Why? Noodles: Because we're unemployed. Max: About a million bucks. Carol: Oh, yeah? Where'd you put it? Max: In my underwear. Carol: I'd have found it there...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Sgt. P. Halloran: Sergeant Halloran. Hello. Who's speaking? Can I help you? Hello. Noodles: I got a good tip for you...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Officer 'Fartface' Whitey: Okay, boys, we're even... Young Noodles: The hell we are! Young Max: You'll be collecting your pension before we're even!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [Chief Aiello's son is missing and he gets a call almost immediately] Police Chief Aiello: My son, where is he? Noodles: Where do you think? He's in the maternity ward. He never left. He got restless, so he wanted to change his bed. The other kids got the same idea, so they wanted to change their beds. You got thirty, forty screaming babies jumping from one bed to another, switching tags. So now we do have a real problem. Police Chief Aiello: Piece of shit, whoever you are! What the fuck? I want my son! Noodles: Luckily, we were there to see that everything was under control. If you want, we can put everything back. Except you gotta meet us halfway. Police Chief Aiello: Tell me! Noodles: Why do you give a fuck who wins the strike? Police Chief Aiello: That's got nothing to do with me!... What did I do? Noodles: First of all, you let the scabs in. Second, you've got the cops in there protecting them. Police Chief Aiello: I'm a cop! Noodles: All right, shut the fuck up! Now listen very carefully: call off your dogs and let the strikers work it out with the bosses. Police Chief Aiello: I want my son! Noodles: Do that, and we'll give you the kid's number. If you don't, look for your kid yourself. So what's it gonna be? Police Chief Aiello: Okay. I'll call my men off today. Noodles: Attaboy. You know, for a rotten bastard son of a bitch... you're not as stupid as I thought. We'll be in touch. Police Chief Aiello: When will you call? Noodles: Don't worry, don't worry, we'll be in touch with you. Bye. [hangs up]

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [watching a TV news broadcast about the Bailey Scandal in 1968] Fat Moe: Take the money and run, Noodles. What's keeping you here? Noodles: Curious...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [Noodles is spying on Deborah as she dances] Young Deborah: Fats, you better spray the toilet! I saw a cockroach in there!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: To keep from going crazy, you have to cut yourself off from the outside world, just not think about it. Yet there were years that went by. It seemed like... no time at all, because you're not doing anything.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: Let's go for a swim... [accelerates the car down the pier] Max: All right, what are you doing? Philip 'Cockeye' Stein: Hey, Noodles... Don't fuck around, Noodles! Max: Noodles, what are you doing? Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: HEY! You crazy? [Noodles drives the car off the pier into the water] Max: SHIT! ASSHOLE! I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DID THIS!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Frankie Minaldi: [introducing the gang to Joe] Here they are, "The Four Horsemen Of The Apocalypse"! Did you happen to see that movie, Joe? It's a good movie.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [after switching Aiello's baby boy] Max: So? Noodles: We got a deal. Max: To a very smooth talker. [the gang cheers] Noodles: Where's that switch list? Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: The switch list? Noodles: Yeah. Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: I can't find it. Max: What? Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: I can't find it! Noodles: What'd you do with it? Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: I think I dumped it. Max: What a yutz! Noodles: Oh, Pat... Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: Wait a minute, listen... Listen, Noodles. Noodles, wait, I remember... the boys' numbers was odd... even! And the girls' was odd! Philip 'Cockeye' Stein: [sardonic] You took good stock. Noodles: Hey, let's give him an even number. Eight... let's pick an eight. Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: Eight... yeah, it's a good number. Philip 'Cockeye' Stein: Wait, what about the other pischers? Max: We're better than fate. Some we give the good life, others we give it up the ass.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Police Chief Aiello: I'm the chief of police, not the chief of the people.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Bugsy: [Bugsy and his gang have beaten Noodles and Max] You don't work for me, you don't work for no-one! Young Max: I don't like bosses. Bugsy: You'd be better off you stayed in the Bronx. Young Max: Woulda been better for *you*, too! [Bugsy spits on him, and he and his gang walk off] Young Max: I'm gonna kill him one of these days... Young Noodles: Yeah? Meanwhile, it looks like he killed US!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: Hey, Noodles, get a load of this... Hey, scotch heating! Philip 'Cockeye' Stein: Yeah, a buck a cup. Noodles: A buck a cup? Max: Yeah! Noodles: How much's it cost us? Max: Costing us? A dime, including overhead!

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Carol: [looking at Noodles] Why don't we make it a threesome, huh? Max: Can't you see he's got other plans for tonight? Carol: Well, bring her along! We'll make it a foursome! Noodles: I'm not that kind of guy. Besides, I'm afraid if I give you a good crack in the mouth, you'd probably like it...

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Fat Moe: When did you get back? Noodles: Today. Fat Moe: Why? Noodles: They got in touch with me. Fat Moe: Who? Noodles: I thought you might know. Fat Moe: Me? I don't know nothin' 'bout nobody no more.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Noodles: Who is Secretary Bailey? Deborah Gelly: Secretary Bailey is a rich businessman. He came to the United States as an immigrant and made a lot of money in San Francisco and L.A., where he's lived for 30 years. Noodles: I know all that, it's all in the papers. What else is there? Deborah Gelly: He married a very wealthy woman, they had a child. She died when the child was born. A few years ago he went into politics, moved here. Noodles: That's history, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about now. Deborah Gelly: Right now he's in trouble. Noodles: Just say you've been living with him all these years. And that you're his lover.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Patrick 'Patsy' Goldberg: You know what? You know, I wish I was switched when I was a kid. Noodles: What makes you think you weren't?

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ [Noodles finds Fat Moe tied up] Fat Moe: Noodles. Noodles. Noodles. Untie me! Noodles: Stay that way. No, stay. I want them to know I did it. Fat Moe: Where you going? Noodles: I'm gonna go get Eve. Fat Moe: Don't. Noodles: Why? Fat Moe: They... they already been there.

§Once Upon a Time in America ¤ Young Noodles: Who're YOU calling a cockroach? Young Deborah: So what are you? You're filthy! You make me sick! You crawl up toilet walls just like a roach! So what are you? [Noodles grabs Deborah] Young Deborah: Let go! Young Noodles: I make you sick, huh? Then how come you showed me your tush? Young Deborah: To a roach! Go look at yourself, David Aaronson!

§3 Idiots ¤ Machine Class Professor: Why are you back? Rancho: Sir, I forgot to take something... Machine Class Professor: What? Rancho: Instruments that record, analyse, summarise, organise, debate and explain information; that are illustrated, non-illustrated, hardbound, paperback, jacketed, non-jacketed; with foreword, introduction, table of contents, index; that are indented for the enlightenment, understanding, enrichment, enhancement and education of the human brain through sensory route of vision - sometimes touch. Machine Class Professor: [confused] What are you trying to say? Rancho: Books sir! I forgot to take my books.

§3 Idiots ¤ Farhan Qureshi: Today my respect for that idiot shot up. Most of us went to college just for a degree. No degree meant no plum job, no pretty wife, no credit card, no social status. But none of this mattered to him, he was in college for the joy of learning, he never cared if he was first or last.

§3 Idiots ¤ Farhan Qureshi: [after finding out Rancho topped their exam] That day we learned, when your friend flunks, you feel bad, when he tops, you feel worse.

§3 Idiots ¤ Viru Sahastrabudhhe: [Angrily looks for Raju in the class] Raju Rastogi? Raju Rastogi: [a drunk Raju stands up from the last bench of class... and shouts] Yes, sir! Viru Sahastrabudhhe: How does an induction motor start? Raju Rastogi: [Raju looks around smilingly and then shouts] Vrrrrommmmmm. Vrrrrrrrooom.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: Pursue excellence, and success will follow, pants down.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: [At Pia's sister's wedding] Hi. Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [a little surprised, as she doesn't know him] Hello. Rancho: I have a free advice, would you try? Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [Still smiling] What? Rancho: [Takes her drink away] Let me hold this first, else you may later throw it on me. Leave this guy. [Points at his fiancee] Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [Now angry] What? Suhas: [Meanwhile her Fiancee, speaking to somebody else a little far away] Look at this coat. Yes, its quite costly, 50K. Rancho: Look at him. He is a moving price tag! He will always keep you reminding of price of every single object he bought. Your life will become a supermarket! Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [Extremely angry] Excuse me. Who the hell are you? You don't know anything about him. Rancho: Oh, you need a demonstration! Okay, watch me, he will tell his shoe's price in a second, without anybody even asking him! [He pushed a waiter, who was carrying a green gooey chutney. The chutney fell on Suhas's shoe] Suhas: [shouting] You idiot! What the hell! This shoe cost me 10K!

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: [Repeatedly said throughout the movie] Aal izz well

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: [after indirectly making Pia break up with her fiancee] Come on, help us. My friend's father is very ill! Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: Go away! Rancho: Come on! You are almost a doctor! What is that oath you take... oh yes, Hippocratic oath - I will help a fellow patient, I remain a member of society with special obligations etc. Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [Reluctantly allows him to get up on her scooter] Okay. Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [Later when Rancho is speeding with the scooter, with the patient and Pia on the back, towards the hospital] You crashed my sister's wedding, you broke my engagement, for you my Dad keeps taking blood pressure tablets... and I am helping you? Hippocrates screwed us Doctors!

§3 Idiots ¤ Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [Now that everyone knows, Rancho's real surname is not Chhanchhad] Thank God, after marriage my name wont be Pia Chhanchhad! Raju Rastogi: So what is your actual name? Rancho: Phunsukh Wangdu. Farhan Qureshi: What? Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: [Thinking of her future name] Pia Wangdu? Rancho: [to Raju & Farhan] Phunsukh Wangdu. Farhan Qureshi: Phunsukh Wangdu? Silencer's Phunsukh Wangdu? Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: I don't want to be named Pia Wangdu! Rancho: [to Raju & Farhan] Yes. Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: Can I keep my name after marriage?

§3 Idiots ¤ Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': [In the auditorium, delivering a speech] Today, if ICE is touching sky-high limits, then the credit goes to only one man: Shri Viru Sahastrabudhhe! Give him a hand! Librarian Dubey: [Leans towards Sahastrabudhhe] Sir, the voice is his, but the words are mine. Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': He's a great guy, really, you are. For the past 32 years in this college, he has continuously committed rapes upon rapes. Rancho: [to Rastogi] He meant, "Miracles upon miracles." Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': I hope he continues to do so. We often wondered how a person in his lifetime can do these many rapes. With this extreme self-discipline, he's made himself this capable. Correct usage of time, complete utilization of the bell. Somebody learn from him. Learn from him. Learn from him! Minister in Auditorium: [Holding back Sahastrabudhhe] Sit down, sit down! Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Today, we all students are here. Tomorrow, we'll spread across so many countries. I promise you all, whichever country we are in, there we'll rape! We'll bring glory to the name of ICE! We'll show everyone the ability to rape that students over here have. No other student across the globe has it! No other student! No other student! [after waiting for the chanting to die down] Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Respected minister, namaskar. You have given the thing this institution needs the most:... Rancho: Money! Money! Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Breasts! Librarian Dubey: Not that! That word means this! [Gestures breasts with his hands] Minister in Auditorium: What kind of insulting things is this boy saying? Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Everyone has breasts. [Shoves hand into pocket] Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Everyone keeps it hidden. Nobody ever gives it willingly! Minister in Auditorium: This guy is too vulgar! Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': You have given your breasts to the hands of this rapist. Now, let us see how he makes use of it. Minister in Auditorium: Sahstrabudhhe, don't you have any brains? Indecent guy. [walks out of the auditorium] Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Let me recite a shlok for this golden occasion. Rancho: Listen. Listen. He'll explain his farts in Sanskrit. Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': The loudest fart sounds like a motor vehicle. Millimeter - MM: Fart? Go, silencer! Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': A weaker one sounds like a train. The weakest fart is a silent killer.

§3 Idiots ¤ Viru Sahastrabudhhe: [Angrily silencing students laughing] Quiet! [Points at Rancho] Viru Sahastrabudhhe: Nonsense! Is this how you'll teach engineering? Rancho: Sir, I wasn't teaching you engineering. You're an expert at that. I was teaching you... how to teach. Viru Sahastrabudhhe: [get shocked] Rancho: And I'm sure one day you'll learn, because unlike you, I never abandon my weak students.

§3 Idiots ¤ Raju Rastogi: Sir, I have learnt to stand up on my feet after having broken both my legs. This attitude has come with great difficulty. No sir, I can't. You may keep your job, and let me keep my attitude.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: These engineers are very smart sir, they didn't invent a machine which can measure the pressure on the brain. If they had, we would have come to know that this was not a suicide but a Murder.

§3 Idiots ¤ Pia V. Sahastrabudhhe: You Gujaratis are so cute. But why does your food sound so dangerous? Dhokla, fafda, handwa, thepla, khakhra, they sound like missiles. Today, Bush dropped two dhoklas on Iraq: 400 dead, 200 injured. I can deal with khakhra, fafda, but your name? Ranchhodddas Shamaldas Chanchad. Yuck! I won't change my last name after marriage

§3 Idiots ¤ Farhan Qureshi: I've always been a law abiding citizen. But in the last 24 hours, I grounded an airplane, nearly flushed someone's remains down the toilet, and helped Pia escape her wedding. All for Rancho. He would've done the same for any of us, too, like stealing a copy of the final exam that was designed for Raju's failure.

§3 Idiots ¤ Farhan Qureshi: Rancho was right when he said "Pursue excellence, and success will follow, pants down!"

§3 Idiots ¤ Farhan Qureshi: If I become a photographer? I'll just earn less, right? My home will be small, my car will be small.But, Dad, I'll be happy!I'll be really happy.Whatever I do, I will be doing it from my heart.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: I never manage to plant the kiss dude... the nose comes in between.

§3 Idiots ¤ Viru Sahastrabudhhe: Who was the first man to step on the moon. Neil Amstrong, oviously. We all know that, but who was the second man? Don't waste your time. It's not important. Nobody ever remembers the man who came second.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: Do you know why I come first? Farhan Qureshi: Why? Rancho: I'm in love with machine. Engineering is my passion.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: The chicken doesn't know the fate of its egg. Will it be hatched or become fried egg?

§3 Idiots ¤ Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Sir: Machines are any combination of bodies so connected that their relative motions are constrained, and by which means force and motion may be transmitted and modified, as a screw and its nut, or a lever arranged to turn about a fulcrum or a pulley about its pivot, et cetera; especially, a construction, more or less complex, consisting of a combination of moving parts or simple mechanical elements, as wheels, levers, cams et cetera.

§3 Idiots ¤ Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': [Chatur unzips his pants and presents his butt] Your Majesty, thou art great! Accept this humble offering!

§3 Idiots ¤ Chatur Ramalingam aka 'Silencer': Remember? I'd challenged that idiot right here.

§3 Idiots ¤ Raju Rastogi: There's something going on between you both.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: We have a lots of exam but have only one dad.

§3 Idiots ¤ Rancho: Sir, why this seating according to rank? Viru Sahastrabudhhe: Any problem with that? Rancho: Yes, this grading system is like a caste system. A-graders: Kings, C-graders: Slaves. It's not nice, sir. Viru Sahastrabudhhe: You have a better idea? Rancho: Yes. Results should not be displayed at all. Why publicise someone's flaws? If your iron count is low, will the doctor prescribe tonic or air your report on TV? You see, sir? Viru Sahastrabudhhe: So basically, what you're saying is, I should personally go to each student's room and whisper in their ears: "You have come first", "You're second", "Oh, I'm so sorry, you have failed". Rancho: No sir, I mean grades create a divide. I've topped so I'm next to you. My pals came last, they're in the back corner. Viru Sahastrabudhhe: At least they're in the corner. More time with you, and they'll be out of the photo. They will neither pass, nor get a job. Rancho: They'll get jobs, sir. There must be some firm that... [Looking at Chatur] Rancho: prefer humans to machines. They'll get jobs. I guarantee. Viru Sahastrabudhhe: You guarantee it? Rancho: Bet, sir? Viru Sahastrabudhhe: Govind! Govind: Yes, sir? Viru Sahastrabudhhe: [Pointing at Raju and Farhan] Even if one of them gets a job in campus interviews... shave off my moustache. Govind: [Shocked] Rancho: [Shocked] Sir! Viru Sahastrabudhhe: Happy? Rancho: Happy, sir.

§High and Low ¤ Kingo Gondo: Why should you and I hate each other? Ginjirô Takeuchi, medical intern: I don't know. I'm not interested in self-analysis. I do know my room was so cold in winter and so hot in summer I couldn't sleep. Your house looked like heaven, high up there. That's how I began to hate you.

§High and Low ¤ Ginjirô Takeuchi, medical intern: I'd rather be told the cruel truth than be fed gentle lies.

§High and Low ¤ [last lines] Ginjirô Takeuchi - Medical Intern: You think I'm shaking out of fear, but I'm not! It's just the physiological reaction from being in solitary too long. Just leaving the cell makes me shake. I'm not afraid of death. I don't care if I go to hell. My life has been hell since the day I was born. [laughs] Ginjirô Takeuchi - Medical Intern: But if I had to go to heaven, then I'd really start to tremble. [laughs]

§High and Low ¤ Ginjirô Takeuchi, medical intern: ...Besides, it's amusing to make fortunate men taste the same misery as the unfortunate.

§High and Low ¤ Reiko Gondo: Success isn't worth losing your humanity. Kingo Gondo: A woman can't understand. This isn't about wanting to become president. I just want to make shoes my way.

§High and Low ¤ Reiko Gondo: [to her husband, about their son Jun] He takes after you. He likes violent games.

§High and Low ¤ Chief Detective Tokura: That Gondo is all right. Chief Detective 'Bos'n' Taguchi: Usually I waste no love on the rich. I didn't like him at first.

§High and Low ¤ Aoki - the Chauffeur: No human being can kill an innocent child.

§High and Low ¤ Kingo Gondo: A woman wears a hat on her head, but shoes carry all her weight.

§High and Low ¤ Kingo Gondo: I have no time for lies. I want the truth!

§High and Low ¤ Ginjirô Takeuchi, medical intern: Taking the wrong boy was a lucky break. Did you know Mr. Gondo that it's only extortion when you threaten a person or his kin? In other words, this doesn't count. But you have to pay anyway. You're a fool to pay, but pay you must.

§High and Low ¤ Kawanishi - Gondo's Secretary: I know how much this money means to you, but a human life means more.

§High and Low ¤ Chief Detective Tokura: For Mr. Gondo's sake, be bloodhounds!

§High and Low ¤ Kingo Gondo: That's enough! You're not paid to think!

§High and Low ¤ [first lines] Kingo Gondo: So what exactly is it you want?

§High and Low ¤ Chief Detective Tokura: Save the child first, then catch the kidnapper.

§High and Low ¤ Chief Detective Tokura: Mr. Gondo, I know it's late to be saying this... but you have the right to protect your own livelihood. It's our duty to help you. We want to save the child, but not by sacrificing you.

§High and Low ¤ Reiko Gondo: What just happened? Kingo Gondo: Nothing. Reiko Gondo: It certainly didn't look that way. Kingo Gondo: Don't worry. You wouldn't understand. It's business. Reiko Gondo: You always say that to keep me quiet.

§High and Low ¤ Kamiya, National Shoes Publicity Director: Women see shoes as accessories, like hats and handbags. They flock to stylish designs at affordable prices.

§High and Low ¤ Kingo Gondo: A man must kill or be killed.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [Don Lockwood is being mobbed by several fans on the street] Don Lockwood: [desperately] Hey, Cos! Do something! Call me a cab! Cosmo Brown: OK, you're a cab. Don Lockwood: [unimpressed] Thanks a lot!

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: Lina. She can't act, she can't sing, she can't dance. A triple threat.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: Talking pictures, that means I'm out of a job. At last I can start suffering and write that symphony. R.F. Simpson: You're not out of job, we're putting you in as head of our new music department. Cosmo Brown: Oh, thanks, R.F.! At last I can stop suffering and write that symphony.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Lina Lamont: What's wrong with the way I talk? What's the big idea? Am I dumb or something?

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Lina Lamont: Gee, this wig weighs a ton! What dope'd wear a thing like this? Rosco: Everybody used to wear them, Lina. Lina Lamont: Well, then everybody was a dope.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [after filming a love scene] Lina Lamont: Oh Donny! You couldn't kiss me like that and not mean it just a teensy-weensy bit! Don Lockwood: Meet the greatest actor in the world. I'd rather kiss a tarantula! Lina Lamont: But, you don't mean that. Don Lockwood: I don't - - Hey Joe, get me a tarantula.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: Gee, I'm glad you turned up, we've been looking inside every cake in town.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [filming a scene with a microphone hidden in a bush] Rosco: Lina! We're missing every other word! You've got to talk into the mike! Lina Lamont: [pointing at the bush] Well, I can't make love to a bush!

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Lina Lamont: If we bring a little joy into your humdrum lives, it makes us feel as though our hard work ain't been in vain for nothin'. Bless you all.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ R.F. Simpson: Don, it'll be a sensation! "Lamont and Lockwood: they talk!" Lina Lamont: [with a voice to peel paint] Well of *course* we talk. Don't everybody?

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Rod: Lina, you're a beautiful woman. Audiences think you've got a voice to match. The studio's gotta keep their stars from looking ridiculous at any cost. Cosmo Brown: Nobody's got that much money.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: [while filming a love scene] Why, you rattlesnake! You got that poor kid fired. Lina Lamont: That's not all I'm gonna do if I ever get my hands on her. Don Lockwood: I never heard of anything so low. Why did you do it? Lina Lamont: Because you liked her. I could tell. Don Lockwood: So that's it. Believe me, I don't like her half as much as I hate you, you reptile. Lina Lamont: Sticks and stones may break my bones... Don Lockwood: I'd like to break every bone in your body. Lina Lamont: You and who else, you big lummox?

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Kathy Selden: Now look, Miss Lamont, Don and I... Lina Lamont: Don? Don't you *dare* call him Don! I was calling him Don before you were born! I mean... You-you were kissing him! Don Lockwood: *I* was kissing *her*! I happen to be in love with her. Lina Lamont: That's ridiculous. Everybody knows you're in love with me.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: What's your lofty mission in life that lets you sneer at my humble profession? Kathy Selden: I'm an actress... Don Lockwood: Oh... Kathy: ...on the stage. Don Lockwood: Oh, on the stage, well I'd like to see you act, what are you in right now? I could brush up on my English, or bring along an interpreter, that is if they'd let in a *movie* actor. Kathy Selden: I'm not in a play right now, but I will be. I'm going to New York... Don Lockwood: Oh, you're going to New York and then some day we'll all hear of you, won't we? Kathy Selden as Juliet, as Lady Macbeth, as King Lear. You'll have to wear a beard for that one of course. Kathy Selden: Laugh all you want, but at least the stage is a dignified profession. Don Lockwood: [scoffing] Dignified profession. Kathy: What do you have to be so conceited about? You're nothing but a shadow on film... just a shadow. You're not flesh and blood. Don Lockwood: Oh, no? [moves amorously towards her] Kathy: Stop! Don Lockwood: What can I do to you, I'm only a shadow.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: What's the first thing an actor learns? "The show must go on!' Come rain, come shine, come snow, come sleet, the show MUST go on!

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Kathy Selden: [picks up a cake] Here's one thing I learned from the movies! [Throws it at Don but hits Lina]

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: Now Lina, you've been reading all those fan magazines again! Now look Lina, you shouldn't believe all that banana oil Dora Bailey and the columnists dish out. Now try to get this straight: there is nothing between us. There has never been anything between us. Just air. Lina Lamont: Oh, Donny, you don't mean that.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: I've had one motto which I've always lived by: Dignity. Always, dignity.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Lina Lamont: They can't make a fool out of Lina Lamont. They can't make a laughing stock out of Lina Lamont. What do they think I am? Dumb or something? Why, I make more money than - than - than Calvin Coolidge! Put together!

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: Short people have long faces, and long people have short faces. Big people have little humor, and little people have no humor at all.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: Why bother to shoot this film? Why not release the old one under a new title? You've seen one, you've seen them all. Don Lockwood: Hey, what'd you say that for? Cosmo Brown: What's the matter? Don Lockwood: That's what that Kathy Selden said to me that night. Cosmo Brown: That's three weeks ago, you still thinking about that? Don Lockwood: I can't get her out of my mind. Cosmo Brown: How could you - she's the first dame who hasn't fallen for your line since you were four.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Lina Lamont: [after demanding Kathy Selden continue as her voice double and not be given bigger parts] After all, I'm still more important to the studio than she is. R.F. Simpson: Lina, I wouldn't do that to her in a million years. Why, you'd be taking her career away from her. People just don't do things like that. Lina Lamont: People? I ain't "people"! I am a... [reads from newspaper] Lina Lamont: "a shimmering, glowing star in the cinema firmament." It says so... [hands newspaper to R.F] Lina Lamont: right there.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Phoebe Dinsmore: [giving Lina diction lessons] Repeat after me - Tah, Tey, Tee, Toe, Too. Lina Lamont: Tah, Tey, Tye, Tow, Tyo. Phoebe Dinsmore: No, no, no Miss Lamont, Round tones, round tones. Now, let me hear you read your line. Lina Lamont: And I cayn't stand'im. Phoebe Dinsmore: And I can't stand him. Lina Lamont: And I cayn't stand'im. Phoebe Dinsmore: Can't. Lina Lamont: Cayn't. Phoebe Dinsmore: Caaaan't Lina Lamont: Cayyyyn't

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: [singing] My dad said, ''Be an actor, my son, But be a comical one,'' They'll be standin ' in lines, For those old honky-tonk monkeyshines, Now you could study Shakespeare, And be quite elite, And you could charm the critics, And have nothing to eat, Just slip on a banana peel, The world's at your feet, Make 'em laugh, Make 'em laugh, Make 'em laugh...

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: I'm no actor. I never was. Just a lot of dumb show. I know that now. Cosmo Brown: Well, at least you're taking it lying down. Don Lockwood: No. No kidding, Cosmo. Did you ever see anything as idiotic as me on that screen tonight? Kathy Selden: Yeah, how about Lina? Don Lockwood: All right. I ran her a close second. Maybe it was a photo finish. Anyway, I'm through, fellas. Kathy Selden: Don, you're not through! Cosmo Brown: Why of course not. Why, with your looks and your figure, you could drive an ice wagon or shine shoes! Kathy Selden: Block hats! Cosmo Brown: Sell pencils! Kathy Selden: Dig ditches! Cosmo Brown: Or worse still, go back to vaudeville. [singing] Cosmo Brown: La-da-de-dum-dum-dum, Fit as a fiddle and ready for love...

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: Movie? We've just seen one. Cosmo Brown: You got to show a movie at a party. It's a Hollywood law.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: I just had to tell you how good you were. Kathy Selden: Excuse me. Don Lockwood: No, no, don't go. [pointing to cake she came out of at beginning of scene] Don Lockwood: Now that I know where you live I'd like to see you home.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [after Lina gets a pie thrown in her face] Cosmo Brown: Lina, You've never looked lovelier.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [after Cosmo's car breaks down] Don Lockwood: Don't tell me, it's a flat tire. Cosmo Brown: I can't undertand it. This car hasn't given me a lick of trouble in nearly 6 hours.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [after Don shows up late for a party] Cosmo Brown: Don, how did you come, by way of Australia?

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: Tell me the truth, am I a good actor? Cosmo Brown: As long as I'm working for Monumental Pictures, you're the greatest of 'em all.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [after Cosmo gives a good idea] R.F. Simpson: Cosmo, remind me to give you a raise. [turns around] Cosmo Brown: Oh, R.F. R.F. Simpson: Yes? Cosmo Brown: Give me a raise.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Cosmo Brown: The price of fame. You've got the glory, you gotta take the little heartaches that go with it. Now look at me: I've got no fame, I've got no glory, I've got no big mansions, I've got no money! But I've got - what have I got? Don Lockwood: I don't know, what have you got? Cosmo Brown: I gotta get out of here.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: Which of my pictures have you seen? Kathy Selden: I don't remember. I saw one once. Don Lockwood: You saw one once? Kathy Selden: Yes, I think you were dueling and there was a girl - Lina Lamont. But I don't go to the movies much. If you've seen one you've seen them all. Don Lockwood: Thank you. Kathy Selden: Oh, no offense. Movies are entertaining enough for the masses but the personalities on the screen just don't impress me. I mean they don't talk, they don't act, the just make a lot of dumb show. Well, you know [demonstrates] Kathy Selden: like that. Don Lockwood: You mean like what I do? Kathy Selden: Well, yes!

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Kathy Selden: You keep away from me! Just because you're a big movie star, wild parties, swimming pools, you expect every girl to fall in a dead faint at your feet. Well, don't you touch me! Don Lockwood: [chanting] Fear not, sweet lady! I will not molest you. I am but a humble jester, and you? You are to far above me! [he gets out of the car and closes the door on his coat tails] Don Lockwood: Farewell, Ethel Barrymore! I must tear myself from your side! [Don tears his coat. Kathy guffaws as Don walks away]

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: Are you doing anything tonight, Miss Lamont? [she shakes her head "no"] Don Lockwood: Well's that's funny - *I'm* busy.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [after the demonstration of a talking picture] R.F. Simpson: What do you think of it, Dexter? Rosco: It'll never amount to a thing. Olga Mara: [with heavy, snotty accent] Its vulgar! Cosmo Brown: That's what they said about the horseless carriage.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Audience Member: Did somebody get paid for writing that dialog?

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Kathy Selden: Good night, Don. Take care of that throat. You're a big singing star now, remember? This California dew is just a little heavier than usual tonight. Don Lockwood: Really? From where l stand, the sun is shining all over the place. [singing] Don Lockwood: I'm singin ' in the rain, Just singin ' in the rain, What a glorious feelin', I'm happy again... .

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: What's the matter with that girl? Can't she take a gentle hint? Cosmo Brown: Well haven't ya heard? She's irresistible. She told me so herself.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ R.F. Simpson: Lina, you were gorgeous! Cosmo Brown: Yeah, Lina, you looked pretty good for a girl.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [after picture is shown where Kathy is singing for Lina] Cosmo Brown: Lina, you were fabulous. You sang as good as Kathy Selden.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Kathy Selden: [laughing about the sound of "The Duelling Cavalier" going out of synchronization] I was just thinking, I think I liked her best when the sound went off and she said [imitating Lina shaking her head] Kathy Selden: "Yes, yes, yes." Cosmo Brown: [imitating the actor opposite her] "No, no, no." Kathy Selden: "Yes, yes, yes." Cosmo Brown: "No, no..." [a thought strikes him] Cosmo Brown: Wait a minute. Wait a minute, I am just about to be brilliant. [pulling her to her feet] Cosmo Brown: Come here, Kathy. Come here. Now, sing. Kathy Selden: Huh? Cosmo Brown: I said sing. [prompting her] Cosmo Brown: Good mornin'. Cosmo Brown, Kathy Selden: Good mornin'. Cosmo Brown: [putting her behind him] Now, Don, keep your eyes riveted on me. Kathy Selden: [he lip-syncs to her singing] We've talked the whole night through/Good mornin', good mornin' to you. Cosmo Brown: Watch my mouth. Kathy Selden: Good mornin', good mornin'/It's great to stay up late/Good mornin', good mornin' to you. Cosmo Brown: Well? Convincing? Don Lockwood: [missing the point] Enchanting. What? Cosmo Brown: Don't you get it? Use Kathy's voice. Lina just moves her mouth, and Kathy's voice comes over singing and talking for her. Kathy Selden: That's wonderful. Don Lockwood: No. No, I couldn't let you do it, Kathy. Kathy Selden: Why not? Don Lockwood: Because you wouldn't be seen. You'd be throwing away your own career. Kathy Selden: It has nothing to do with my career. It's only for this one picture. The important thing now is to save "The Duelling Cavalier", save Lockwood and Lamont. Cosmo Brown: Yeah. Don Lockwood: Well... well, all right, if it's only for this one picture. But... do you think it'll get by? Kathy Selden: Of course it will. Cosmo Brown: Sure. And it's simple to work the numbers. Why, all you gotta do is dance around Lina and teach her how to take a bow. Don Lockwood: All right, we'll go to R.F. and spring it on him in the morning. Kathy Selden: [kissing him] Don, you're a genius. Cosmo Brown: Hmm. I'm glad you thought of it.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Kathy Selden: Are you sure it's all right? Being seen with me? Don Lockwood: You mean lofty star with humble player? Kathy Selden: Not exactly, but for lunch don't you usually tear a pheasant with Miss Lamont? Don Lockwood: Kathy, all the stories about Lina and me are sheer publicity. Kathy Selden: Oh? It certainly seems more than that. From all those columns in the newspapers and articles in the fan magazines... Don Lockwood: You read the fan magazines? Kathy Selden: I pick them up at the beauty parlor or the dentist's office, just like anybody. Don Lockwood: Really? Kathy Selden: Well... I buy four or five a month. Don Lockwood: Four or five... Kathy Selden: But anyway, to get back to the point, you and Miss Lamont do achieve a certain intimacy in all your pictures... Don Lockwood: Did you say *all* our pictures? Kathy Selden: I guess if I think about it I've seen eight or nine of them. Don Lockwood: You know I remember someone saying, "If you've seen one you've seen 'em all". Kathy Selden: I said some awful things that night, didn't I? Don Lockwood: No. I deserved them. But I must admit I was hurt by them. So hurt in fact that I haven't been able to think about anything but you ever since.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Girl in audience: [about Lina] She's so refined. I think I'll kill myself.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ [last lines] Don Lockwood: Ladies and gentlemen, stop that girl, that girl running up the aisle. Stop her! That's the girl whose voice you heard and loved tonight. She's the real star of the picture. Kathy Selden! [theater audience applauds and cheers] Don Lockwood: Kathy! [singing] Don Lockwood: You are, My lucky star, I saw you, From afar, Two lovely eyes, At me they were gleaming, Beaming Kathy Selden: I was starstruck Don Lockwood: You're all, My lucky charms Kathy Selden: I'm lucky, In your arms Don Lockwood: You've opened heaven 's portal, Here on earth for this poor mortal Chorus: You are, My lucky star

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Don Lockwood: [to Kathy, after she jumps out of the cake] Well, if it isn't Ethel Barrymore.

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Lina Lamont: You mean it's going to say on the screen that I don't talk and sing for myself?

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Rosco: [after a take] We're really rolling, Mr. Simpson. R.F. Simpson: Well, you can stop rolling at once. Rosco: What? R.F. Simpson: Don, Lina. Rosco: Ok, everybody save it! R.F. Simpson: Save it? Tell them to go home. We're shutting down for a few weeks. Rosco: What? R.F. Simpson: Well, don't just stand there. Tell them! Rosco: Everybody go until further notice! What is it?

§Singin' in the Rain ¤ Lina Lamont: It ain't been in vain for nothin'.

§Capernaum ¤ Zain: I want to make a complaint against my parents. I'd want adults to listen to me. I want adults who can't raise kids not to have any. What will I remember? Violence, insults or beatings, hit with chains, pipes, or a belt? The kindest words I heard were get out son of a whore! Bug off, piece of garbage! Life is a pile of shit. Not worth more than my shoe. I live in hell here. I burn like rotting meat. Life is a bitch.I thought we'd become good people, loved by all. But God doesn't want that for us. He'd rather we be washrags for others. The child you're carrying will be like I am.

§Capernaum ¤ Zain: Your words pierce my heart. I no longer want to see you. You're heartless.

§Capernaum ¤ Zain: Fuck this shitty country!

§Capernaum ¤ Zain: Life is the biggest injustice.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: I'm somebody now, Harry. Everybody likes me. Soon, millions of people will see me and they'll all like me. I'll tell them about you, and your father, how good he was to us. Remember? It's a reason to get up in the morning. It's a reason to lose weight, to fit in the red dress. It's a reason to smile. It makes tomorrow all right. What have I got Harry, hm? Why should I even make the bed, or wash the dishes? I do them, but why should I? I'm alone. Your father's gone, you're gone. I got no one to care for. What have I got, Harry? I'm lonely. I'm old. Harry Goldfarb: You got friends, Ma. Sara Goldfarb: Ah, it's not the same. They don't need me. I like the way I feel. I like thinking about the red dress and the television and you and your father. Now when I get the sun, I smile.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Marion: I love you, Harry. You make me feel like a person. Like I'm me... and I'm beautiful. Harry Goldfarb: You are beautiful. You're the most beautiful girl in the world. You are my dream.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: [on the phone] Marion... I've been thinking about you so much... are you okay? Marion: When are you coming home? Harry Goldfarb: Soon. Marion: When? Harry Goldfarb: Soon... you holding out alright? Marion: Harry... can you come today? Harry Goldfarb: Yeah... [Both Harry and Marion start to cry] Harry Goldfarb: I'll come... I'll come today. You just wait for me, alright? Marion: Harry... Harry Goldfarb: I'm coming back, Marion. Marion: Yeah. Harry Goldfarb: I'm really sorry, Marion... Marion: I know.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Young Tyrone: I told you I would make it, Mama. Tyrone's Mother: Oh, you don't have to make anything, my sweet, you just have to love your mother.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: In the end it's all nice.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Marion: Getting the money's not the problem, Harry. Harry Goldfarb: Then what's the problem? Marion: I don't know what I'm going to have to do to get it.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: Somebody like you can really make things all right for me.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ [last lines] Tappy Tibbons: We got a winner, I said we got a winner, we got a winner! Our next winner is that delightful personality, straight from Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, please give a juicy welcome to Mrs. Sara Goldfarb! The Audience: Juice by Sara, juice by Sara, juice by Sara oh, Sara's got juice, Sara's got juice, ohhhhhhhh Sara! Tappy Tibbons: I'm delighted to tell you, that you've just won the grand prize! Sara Goldfarb: [elated] Oh, no! Tappy Tibbons: Now let me tell you what you've won. Your prize has a sweet smile, and his own private business. He just got engaged, and is about to get married this summer. Will you please give a warm and juicy welcome, Harry Goldfarb! The Audience: Juice by Harry, juice by Harry, juice by Harry, ohhhh Harry! Harry's got juice, Harry's got juice, ohhhhhh Harry. Sara Goldfarb: I love you, Harry. Harry Goldfarb: I love you too, Ma.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: I always thought you were the most beautiful girl I ever seen. Marion: Really? Harry Goldfarb: Ever since I first saw you. Marion: That's nice, Harry. That makes me feel really good. You know, other people have told me that before, and it was meaningless. Harry Goldfarb: What, 'cause you thought they were pulling your leg? Marion: No, no, not like that. I mean, I don't know. I don't know or even care if they were. Just from them it was... just, just meaningless, you know? You say it and I hear it. I really hear it.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: How come you know more about medicine than a doctor? Harry Goldfarb: Believe me, Ma: I know.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: [about her pills] Purple in the morning, blue in the afternoon, orange in the evening. [to refrigerator] Sara Goldfarb: There's my three meals, Mr. Smartypants. [back to pills] Sara Goldfarb: And green at night. Just like that. One, two, three, four.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry: [about the failed drug score] See, everything was going good, and then some dumbass junkie... Marion: Did what? Some dumbass junkie did what? You mean, you fucked it up! Harry: What the fuck is wrong with you? Marion: You promised me that everything was gonna be okay, remember? I fucked that sleaze bag for you and I put myself through fucking hell for you? Harry: There's nothing out there! Marion: I don't give a shit! You fucking loser!

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: [Waking up after his arm was amputated] Marion? Marion? Angelic Nurse: It's all right. Don't worry, you're in a hospital. Harry Goldfarb: Marion? Angelic Nurse: Who's that? She'll be sent for, she'll come. Harry Goldfarb: No. Angelic Nurse: No? Harry Goldfarb: No... she won't. Angelic Nurse: [confidently] She'll come. Harry Goldfarb: [Crying] No, she...

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: [examining her newly dyed hair] If this is a red, I wanna know, what's orange?

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Uncle Hank: Ass to ass.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: [moaning in pain] Oh Jesus Christ... I need a doctor, man... I can't take it man, my arm, MY FUCKING ARM!

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Big Tim: I know it's pretty, baby, but I didn't take it out for air.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: I'm sorry I haven't been around in a while, Ma. But, but I been busy, real busy. Sara Goldfarb: [excited] Oh, yeah? You got a good job? You doin' real well? Harry Goldfarb: Yeah, real good. Real good. Sara Goldfarb: What kind of business? Harry Goldfarb: Well, uh, I'm sort of a distributor, like. For a big importer.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Marion: Anybody wanna waste some time?

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Court Doctor: [repeatedly] Can you hear me? Can you see me? Prisoner: Yes, sir. Court Doctor: OK for work. Court Doctor: [arriving at Tyrone's place in the line] Can you hear me? Can you see me? Tyrone: [nods, whispering] Yes. Prison Guard: [hits Tyrone in the face] Say "sir!" God damn New York dope fiend niggers. Learn some manners! Court Doctor: Can you hear me? Can you see me? Tyrone: [insulted] Yes, sir. Court Doctor: OK for work. [moving to Harry] Court Doctor: Can you hear me? Can you see me? Prison Guard: He says he's got something wrong with his arm. [the doctor grabs Harry's arm and exposes the wound, causing him to scream in pain] Court Doctor: I don't think he'll be puttin' any more dope in that arm. Prison Guard: Smells worse than he do. Court Doctor: Better get him over to the hospital. I don't expect he'll live out the week.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Tyrone C. Love: California, here we come. Harry Goldfarb: It's Florida, Ty. Florida. Tyrone C. Love: California, Florida, whatever. Either way, your pale ass is getting a tan.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Mr. Rabinowitz: Such a son. Your mother needs you like a moose needs a hat rack.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: I'm walkin' across the stage! And you should see my Harry on television. We're giving the prizes away. [bursting into tears] Sara Goldfarb: I just wanted to be on the show!

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: [Harry has just found out that Sara is on diet pills] Does he give you pills? Sara Goldfarb: Of course he gives me pills. He's a doctor! Harry Goldfarb: What kind of pills? Sara Goldfarb: Uh, uh, a blue one, a purple one, an orange one... Harry Goldfarb: I mean, like, what's in 'em.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: Hey, Ma? You on uppers?

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: Harold, I'm gonna be on television.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ [trying to tell the doctor that her pill addiction is making her mixed up and confused] Sara Goldfarb: Everything's all mixed up, confused. Dr. Pill: [writing a new prescription] That's nothing to worry about. Just get this filled. Make an appointment for a week.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Sara Goldfarb: I'm thinking thin.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ [chanting] Tappy Tibbons: Be excited, be, be excited.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Laughing Guard: That's the trouble with ya New York dope fiends. Ya got a rotten attitude.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Ada: She's thinking thin.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Tappy Tibbons: Now we come to step three. This... drives... most... people... crazy.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Mr. Rabinowitz: Good afternoon, Mrs. Goldfarb. Sara Goldfarb: Good afternoon, Mr. Rabinowitz, although I'm not so sure how good it is.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Marion: [yells] You smug fuck.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: What was I supposed to do? I'm gonna sit around and watch you push off and not go myself?

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: This is our only chance to make it big. Tyrone C. Love: C'mon baby let's do this... naturally.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Tyrone: [about the TV] Shit, this muthafucka's startin' to look a little seedy, man. Harry: What's the matter, you particular all the sudden? Tyrone: Hey, baby, I don't care if the motherfucker's growing hair just so long as we get our bread.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Big Tim: You know what I like best about paddy chicks? They give good head. But black broads don't know nothing about no head. I don't know why. Maybe it has something to do with some ancient tribal customs.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry Goldfarb: Let's do this right. Tyrone: Naturally.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Tyrone C. Love: DY-NO-MITE!

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Tappy Tibbons: Oh, I thought you'd never ask.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Tappy Tibbons: Juice.

§Requiem for a Dream ¤ Harry: Are you sure this is the right Walbaum's?

§Come and See ¤ Flyora Gaishun: To love... to have children...

§Come and See ¤ Man in village: You're a Hopeless optimist. Man#2 in village: He should be cured of that.

§Come and See ¤ Obersturmführer: [In German] Dog! You are a swine! Typical German! Asshole! Flyora Gaishun: It was him... He's the one who said: Leave the children and you are free to go. If they let the kids they could go! Gezhel: He's a fascist! A butcher! He has no heart! Obersturmführer: [In Russian] Yes, I am the one who said leave the children and you are free to go. Translate Gezhel: Because all the trouble start with the children. Your nation does not deserve to exist. Some nations have no right to a future. Kosach: Listen. I want everybody of you to listen, all of you. Gezhel: Inferior races spread the communist disease. Your nation does not deserve to exist. We will fulfill this objective. If not today, then tomorrow. I didn't say that! He did! We're not Germans! Never again. Forgive us! We won't. We're not Germans! We're not Germans!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [last lines] Woody: So long... partner.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Andy: Now Woody, he's been my pal for as long as I can remember. He's brave, like a cowboy should be. And kind, and smart. But the thing that makes Woody special, is he'll never give up on you... ever. He'll be there for you, no matter what.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Barbie: Authority should derive from the consent of the governed, not from threat of force!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Andy: [opens box, and takes out Jessie] This is Jessie, the roughest, toughest cowgirl in the whole west. She loves critters, but none more than her best pal, Bullseye! [pulls out Bullseye, and makes a whinnying sound] Andy: Yee-haw! [holds the two toys out to Bonnie] Andy: Here. Bonnie: [shyly walks over and takes Jessie and Bullseye, a smile on her face] Andy: [pulls out Rex] This is Rex! The meanest, most terrifying dinosaur who ever lived! RAWR! RAWR! Bonnie: [recoils a little, but then giggles, and takes Rex too] Andy: [pulls out Mr. and Mrs. Potato Head] The Potato Heads: Mr. and Mrs. You gotta keep them together because they're madly in love. [Andy sets them down in front of Bonnie, before pulling out Slinky Dog] Andy: Now Slinky here, is as loyal as any dog you could want. [Andy then pulls out Hamm] Andy: And Hamm, he'll keep your money safe, but he's also one of the most dastardly villains of all time: Evil Dr. Porkchop! [Andy then places the two with their friends, before pulling out the three aliens] Andy: These little dudes are from a strange alien world: Pizza Planet! [Andy sets them down before reaching into the box again] Andy: And this, is Buzz Lightyear, the coolest toy ever! Look! He can fly, oh, and shoot lasers! [Andy pops open Buzz's wings, and fires his laser] Andy: He's sworn to protect the galaxy from the Evil Emperor Zurg! Bonnie: [Bonnie takes Buzz from Andy, and presses one of the buttons on his spacesuit] Buzz Lightyear: To Infinity, and Beyond! Andy: Now, you gotta promise to take good care of these guys. They, mean, alot to me.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Woody: You'll be okay in the attic? Jessie: Of course I will... Besides, I know about Buzz's Spanish Mode. Buzz Lightyear: My what?

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Spanish Buzz: [immediately after being reset into Spanish, Buzz speaks into his wrist communicator] Bitácora Espacial - Me he despertado de hiper-sueño en un planeta extraño. [Star Log - I have awaken from hypersleep on a strange planet] Hamm the Piggy Bank: [to Rex] Now what did you do? Rex the Green Dinosaur: I just did what you told me! Spanish Buzz: Estoy rodeado por criaturas extrañas y desconozco sus intenciónes. ¿¡Quién anda ahí? ¿Amigo? O enemigo? [I am surrounded by creatures of unknown intent. Who goes there? Friend? Or Enemy?] Spanish Buzz: [aims his laser at Woody] Woody: Uh... Amigos! We're all amigos! Spanish Buzz: [turns off laser and is suddenly friendly] Me debo haber estrellado, y se me borró la memoria. [I must have crash landed and had my memory erased] Spanish Buzz: [visor still closed, he kisses Woody quickly on each cheek] Spanish Buzz: ¿Han visto a mi nave espacial? [Anybody seen my spaceship?] Woody: [dumbstruck] We gotta switch him back. Slinky Dog: Well how do we do that? Hamm the Piggy Bank: [looking at the manual] I don't know, that part's in Spanish! Woody: Oh... we don't have time for this. Come on, El Buzzo! [They all start running] Spanish Buzz: Mi nave espacial? Encontraste? Exelente! [My spaceship? You know where it is? Excellent!]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Jessie: Buzz! We're your friends! Buzz Lightyear: Spare me your lies, temptress! Your emperor's defeated, and I'm immune to your bewitching good looks.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Woody: [Chatter Telephone rings. Woody picks up phone] Hello? Chatter Telephone: You shouldn't have come back cowboy. They've cracked down hard since you left. More guards, more patrols, you and your friends ain't ever getting out of here now. Woody: I made it out once. Chatter Telephone: You got LUCKY once. Want my advice? Keep your heads down, you'll survive. Woody: Yeah, for how long? Chatter Telephone: I've been here years, they'll never break me. There's only one way toys leave this place. [Both see the janitor dropping a toy train down the trash chute] Chatter Telephone: Poor fella. Trash truck comes at dawn, then it's off to the dump. Woody: Look, I appreciate your concern old-timer, but we have a kid waiting for us. Now, we're leaving. If you'd help us, one toy to another, I'd sure be grateful. Chatter Telephone: [pause] Well... if you're gonna get out, first things you're gonna get through is the doors. Locked every night, inside and out, keys are left on a hook in the office. Woody: Got it. What else? Chatter Telephone: Lotso has trucks patrolling all night long. Hallway, lobby, playground... Woody: Yeah, yeah, yeah, but what about the wall? Chatter Telephone: Eight feet high; cinder block; No way through it. You go over, or under. Woody: That's it? It doesn't seem so bad. Chatter Telephone: It's not. Your REAL problem's the monkey. The Monkey's the eye in the sky. He sees everything... classrooms, hallways, even the playground. You can unlock doors, sneak past guards, climb the wall, but if you don't take out that monkey you ain't going nowhere. You want to get out of here... GET RID OF THAT MONKEY!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [Chuckles is telling Woody about Lotso] Chuckles: Yeah, I knew Lotso. He was a good toy. A friend. Me and him, we had the same kid: Daisy. I was there when Lotso got unwrapped. Daisy loved us all. But Lotso... Lotso was special. They did everything together. Never seen a kid and toy more in love. One day we took a drive, hit a rest stop, had a little playtime. After lunch, Daisy fell asleep. She never came back. Lotso wouldn't give up. It took forever, but we finally made it back to Daisy's. But by then, it was too late. Something changed that day inside Lotso. Something snapped. Lotso: She replaced us. Come on. Chuckles: No, she only replaced you. Lotso: She replaced all of us, didn't she? [Big Baby climbs up to the window] Lotso: She don't love you no more. [breaks and throws pendant to the ground] Lotso: Now, come on. Chuckles: We were lost, cast-off, unloved, unwanted. Then we found Sunnyside. But Lotso wasn't my friend anymore. He wasn't anyone's friend. He took over Sunnyside and rigged the whole system. Woody: So, how'd you get out? Chuckles: I got broke. Bonnie found me, took me home. Other toys... they weren't so lucky. It ain't right what Lotso done. New toys... they don't stand a chance.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Woody: [in Bonnie's room] Look, I just need to get out of here... Buttercup: [dramatically] There is no way out! [Woody stares at him in horror] Buttercup: Just kidding. Door's right over there. [he points]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [Lotso leaves the toys to die in the incinerator at the dump instead of helping them] Lotso: Where's your kid now, Sheriff?

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Woody: Oh no. Hamm the Piggy Bank: Oh yes! Return of the Astro-Nut!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [Buzz, in Spanish mode, sees Jessie for the first time] Spanish Buzz: ¡Venga conmigo, señorita! ¡Te mostraré las maravillas de la galaxia, y juntos lucharemos contra el despiadado Zurg! [Come with me! I will show you the wonders of the galaxy, and together we will fight the evil Zurg!] Jessie: [Buzz plucks a dandelion and offers it to her. Woody pushes through the bushes and Jessie runs to him and hugs him] Woody! Thank goodness! Woody: C'mon! We're almost there! [the rest of the toys leave, Buzz, stunned and angry, throws down his dandelion] Spanish Buzz: ¡El Vaquero! [the cowboy!]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Lotso: I didn't throw you away. Your kid did. Ain't one kid ever loved a toy, really. Chew on that when you're at the dump. Woody: Wait. What about Daisy? Lotso: I don't know what you're talking about. Woody: Daisy? You used to do everything with her? Lotso: Yeah, then she threw us out. Woody: No, she lost you. Lotso: She *replaced* us! Woody: She replaced *you*, and if you couldn't have her, then no one could! You lied to Big Baby and you've been lying ever since! [Woody pulls out Daisy's tag attracting Big Baby's attention] Lotso: Where'd you get that? Woody: She loved you, Lotso. Lotso: She never *loved* me! Woody: As much as any kid ever loved a toy. [Woody tosses the tag to the other side of the open dumpster. Big Baby picks it up and looks at it] Big Baby: Mama. [Lotso snatches the tag away] Lotso: What? You want your mommy back? She never loved *you*! Don't be such a BABY! [Lotso smashes the tag with his mallet, causing Big Baby to start crying] Lotso: [to Stretch] Push 'em in! All of them! [Stretch starts shoving the Toys in the dumpster, then Lotso addresses his cronies] Lotso: This is what happens when you dummies try to think! WE'RE ALL JUST TRASH WAITIN' TO BE THROWN AWAY! THAT'S ALL A TOY IS! [Suddenly, Big Baby lifts Lotso into the air, making him drop his mallet] Lotso: Hey, stop it! Put me down, you idiot! [Big Baby throws Lotso in the dumpster] Lotso: AAAAH! No! No, wait a minute, Big Baby! Wait!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [first lines] [Mr. Potato Head, portraying One-Eyed Bart, jumps out of a train while carrying money sacks] Mr. Potato Head: [laughs evily] Ah, ha ha ha! Money, money, money! [Woody lassoes a rope to grab the money from Mr. Potato Head's hands, then trips him] Woody: You've got a date with justice, One-Eyed Bart! Mr. Potato Head: Too bad, Sheriff! I'm a married man! [Mrs. Potato Head jumps onto the train, giving karate yells] Woody: One-Eyed Betty? [Mrs. Potato Head chases Woody across the train tops, then uses nunchucks to knock him off. As the Potato Heads look and laugh evily, Woody suddenly reappears, riding Bullseye with Jessie] Jessie: I think you dropped something, mister! Mr. Potato Head: Jessie? Woody: Give it up, Bart! You've reached the end of the line! Mr. Potato Head: I always wanted to go out with a bang! [Mr. Potato Head presses a button on a remote, causing dynamite to blow up the bridge] Jessie: Oh, no! Woody: The orphans! [cut to a group of Troll dolls riding the train] Mr. Potato Head: Hate to leave early, but our ride is here! [Three aliens drive up in a pink Barbie Corvette] Aliens: Ooh! Mr. Potato Head: It's me or the kiddies, Sheriff! Take your pick! [the Potato Heads jump into the convertible and drive off] Woody: Ride like the wind, Bullseye!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Mr. Potato Head: [after spending the night in the daycare sandbox] It was cold and dark, nothing but sand and a couple of Lincoln Logs. Hamm the Piggy Bank: Eh... I don't think those were Lincoln Logs.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [repeated line] Aliens: The Claw!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Lotso: Ken? New toys! Ken: Far out! Down in a jiff, Lotso. [goes down the elevator] Ken: So, who's ready for Ken's dream tour? Lotso: Let's show our new friends where they'll be staying! Ken: Uh, folks, if you'll just want to step right this way... [he sees Barbie] Ken: Hi, I'm Ken. Barbie: Barbie. Have we ever met? Ken: I would have remembered. [she laughs] Ken: Love your leg wamers! Barbie: Nice ascot! Lotso: Come on, Ken, recess don't last forever. Ken: Right on, Lotso. This way everybody. Lotso: Got a lot to look forward to, folks. The little ones love new toys. Buzz Lightyear: What a nice bear! Rex the Green Dinosaur: And he smells like strawberries. Woody: Ugh.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [Buzz is back to Normal and no longer Speaking Spanish] Buzz Lightyear: That wasn't me, was it? Jessie: Buzz, you're back! Buzz Lightyear: [confused] Uh, yes, yes I am. Where did I go? Woody: Beyond infinity, Space Ranger.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Mr. Potato Head: Remember all that bad stuff I said about Andy's attic? I take it all back. Slinky Dog: Ya darn-tootin' Hamm the Piggy Bank: You said it!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [Woody jumps on to a train of orphaned Troll dolls. He pulls the brake to try and stop the train before reaching the broken bridge, but they still fall into the canyon] Jessie: No! [Suddenly, Buzz Lightyear appears, lifting the train and its passengers out of the canyon] Buzz Lightyear: Glad I could catch the train! Woody: Now let's catch some criminals! Buzz Lightyear: To infinity and beyond! [Cut to the Potato Heads and the aliens in their car, counting money and laughing evily] Aliens: [pointing at the sky] Ooh! [Buzz flies above the bandits and slices their car with his laser. After the criminals tumble to the ground, Woody, Buzz, and Jessie enter] Woody: Reach for the sky! Mr. Potato Head: You can't touch me, Sheriff. I brought my attack dog with a built-in force field! [Mr. Potato Head calls Slinky Dog over with a whistle. Slinky bounces down from the mountains and forms the force field around the Potato Heads and aliens] Woody: Well, I brought my dinosaur who eats force field dogs! Jessie: Yodel-ay-hee-hoo! [the ground cracks apart, and Rex emerges. He roars at the evildoers, but then notices something] Rex the Green Dinosaur: Huh? Buzz Lightyear: [a pig-shaped spaceship suddenly appears. Its driver is Hamm, portraying Dr. Porkchop] Evil Dr. Porkchop! Hamm the Piggy Bank: That's *Mr.* Evil Dr. Porkchop to you. [Hamm teleports the Potato Heads, the aliens, and Slinky onto his ship. He also pushes a button reading, "Death by Monkeys," trapping our heroes with a flood of plastic red monkeys. As Mr. Potato Head reaches toward a button activating a destructive ray, the scene suddenly cuts to Andy's bedroom. The whole scene actually took place in Andy's imagination, as he plays with the toys and a cardboard spaceship] Young Andy: [as Woody] Buzz, shoot your laser at my badge! Young Andy: [as Buzz] Woody, no! It'll kill you! Young Andy: [as Woody] Just do it! [Andy shields Buzz's eyes and pushes the laser button. He uses his finger to trace the laser bouncing off Woody's badge, then knocks the spaceship and its evil passengers towards the ground]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Mr. Potato Head: [to the Peas-in-a-Pod] I told you kids to stay out of my butt!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Rex the Green Dinosaur: Mr. Lotso, do toys here get played with every day? Lotso: All day long! Five days a week. Jessie: But what happens when the kids grow up? Lotso: Well now, I'll tell you. [Lotso walks over to a wall with class photos from past years] Lotso: When the kids get old, new ones come in. When they get old, new ones replace them. You'll never be outgrown, or neglected. Never abandoned or forgotten. No owners means - no heartbreak! Jessie: Yee-haw! Mrs. Potato Head: It's a miracle! Mr. Potato Head: And you wanted us to stay at Andy's! Woody: Because we're Andy's toys! Lotso: [walks over] So you got donated by this "Andy", huh? Well it's his loss, Sheriff. He can't hurt you no more. Woody: Whoa! Whoa, whoa whoa... Lotso: Now let's get you settled in.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Jessie: Woody, we were wrong to leave Andy. I - I was wrong... Mr. Potato Head: Jessie's right, Woody. She was wrong.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Buzz Lightyear: Prisoners sleep in their cells. Any prisoner caught outside their cells spends the night in the box. Roll call at dusk and dawn. Any prisoner misses roll call spends the night in the box. Prisoners do NOT speak unless spoken to. Any prisoner talks back spends the night... Jessie: [snappily] In the BOX. We GET it. [Buzz runs out at Jessie, but Lotso stops him with his cane] Lotso: At ease Soldier!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Hamm the Piggy Bank: Hey, where's that fur-ball Lotso? Slinky Dog: Yeah, I'd like to loosen his stitching. Woody: Forget it, guys. He's not worth it.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Chunk: [up in the vending machine with the other toys, referring to Buzz] He ain't the sharpest knife in the... place where... they keep the knives... Sparks: Neither are you, Chunk! [everyone laughs]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [from trailer] Buzz Lightyear: Hold on, this is no time to be hysterical! Hamm the Piggy Bank: This is the perfect time to be hysterical. Rex the Green Dinosaur: Should we be HYSTERICAL? Slinky Dog: No! Mr. Potato Head: Yes! Buzz Lightyear: Maybe! But not right now! Hamm the Piggy Bank: C'mon. Let's go see how much we're going for on eBay.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Mrs. Potato Head: [Molly tosses Barbie into the "Sunnyside" box without caring] Poor Barbie! Hamm the Piggy Bank: I get the Corvette.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Sergeant: [Three of Andy's army men are preparing to jump out the window with parachutes] We've done our duty. Andy's grown up. Army Man 1: Let's face it. When the trash bags come out, we army guys are the first to go. Buzz Lightyear: Trash bags? Woody: Who said anything about trash bags? Sergeant: It has been an honor serving with you. Good luck, folks. Army Man 2: You're gonna need it! [they jump out]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Molly: [Andy is climbing up the ladder to the attic to put his toys away when Molly walks out of her room carrying a box] Uh! [a small heavy ball falls out of the box] Andy: You need a hand? Molly: I got it! Andy: Here. [he puts the ball back and picks up the box] Andy: So, you gonna miss me when I'm gone? Molly: If I say no, do I still get your room? Andy: [they walk down the stairs] Nope. Molly: Then, yes, I'll miss you.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Ken: [Giving Andy's toys a tour of the daycare, Ken passes his dollhouse] And this... well, this is where I live. It's got a disco, it's got a dune buggy, and a whole room just for trying on clothes. Barbie: [gasps] You have everything! Ken: Everything... except someone to share it with... [he walks away] Barbie: [sighs lovingly]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Chunk: [Buzz has just successfully made it to the window over the Caterpillar Room door, at sunset, and now he hears two voices approaching in the hallway below] Heh, heh heh heh... You think they had a fun playtime? Twitch: Shh! They might hear you! [Buzz hears giggling to his left and looks over to another doorway where Barbie and Ken are talking to each other] Ken: Okay, now you start. Barbie: I... Ken: love... Barbie: you! Oh! Ken: See? That time I said "love"! Okay, now me first. [Buzz gives them a strange look] Barbie: [overlapping] Ooh! Okay okay okay... Ken: I... Barbie: love... Ken: you! You see what I mean? It changes every time! Barbie: [laughing] You are so smart! [Twitch and Chunk pass them] Twitch: [grabbing Ken's collar] C'mon, Romeo. We're late.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Andy: [taking a last look at his toys before he heads off to college] Thanks, guys.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Mr. Potato Head: You would not believe what I have been through tonight!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Lotso: You've got a playdate with destiny!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Woody: We're all still here! I - I mean, yeah, we've lost friends along the way... Wheezy... and Etch... Rex the Green Dinosaur: And Bo Peep? Woody: ...Yeah. Even - even Bo.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [the Aliens have just saved the toys from the incinerator] Mrs. Potato Head: You saved our lives! Mr. Potato Head: And *we* are eternally grateful! [hugs the aliens] Mr. Potato Head: My boys! Aliens: Daaaaaady!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Rex the Green Dinosaur: [after Andy picks up Rex to get his cell phone, which Rex was gripping] He held me! He actually held me!

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Woody: Day care is a sad lonely old place for toys who don't have a home. Barbie: ...WAAAAGH! Hamm the Piggy Bank: Quite the charmer, ain'tya?

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Buttercup: My name's Buttercup. You've met Baron von Shush.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Jessie: Buzz! Mind if I squeeze in next to you? Buzz Lightyear: Yes. No! I mean, w-w-why-why would I mind squee-squeezing next to you? - Is it hot in here?

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [Lotso has been found by some Garbagemen, and tied to the front of their vehicle along with some other toys, where they get splattered by the garbage] Frog: Hey buddy, you might wanna keep your mouth shut.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [the toys are trapped in the incinerator] Jessie: Buzz! What do we do? [Buzz takes hold of Jessie's hand]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [last lines] [while Buzz and Totoro try to repair a cardboard spaceship, Jessie starts playing Spanish music. As a result, Buzz starts involuntarily dancing, and grabs Jessie into his arms] Buzz Lightyear: [chuckles] I, uh, I have no idea what came over me. Jessie: Just go with it, Buzz. [Jessie and Buzz tango to a Spanish rendition of "You've Got a Friend in Me" as the other toys watch]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Ken: No one appreciates clothes here, Barbie! No one.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [In Bonnie's room; she is playing with her toys and Woody] Woody: [voice box] There's a snake in my boot! [Bonnie pulls his string again] Woody: I'd like to join your posse, boys, but first I'm gonna sing a little song. Bonnie: A sheriff! [she sets Woody down at a table surrounded by stuffed animals] Bonnie: Move over, Mr. Pricklepants! [she pushes him aside] Bonnie: We have a guest! [she hops from foot to foot] Bonnie: You want some coffee? [she sets out cups and pretends to pour from a pitcher] Bonnie: It's good for you, but don't drink too much or you'll have to - Be right back! [she runs out the door] Woody: [Woody looks around, the other toys are still frozen] Pssst! Hey! Hello! Hi. Excuse me... Mr. Pricklepants: Shh! [he freezes] Woody: Can you tell me where I am? Mr. Pricklepants: Shhh! [he freezes again] Buttercup: The guy's just asking a question. Mr. Pricklepants: Well, excuse me! I am trying to stay in character! Buttercup: [to Woody] My name's Buttercup. Mr. Pricklepants: [at Buttercup] Shh! Trixie: Hello! I'm Trixie! Mr. Pricklepants: [at Trixie] Shhh! Trixie: [back at him] Shhh! Woody: [waves his arms] Guys, hey! Guys, look, I don't know where I am... Trixie: We're either in a café in Paris or a coffee shop in New Jersey. I'm pretty sure I just came back from the doctor with life-changing news. Buttercup: We do a lot of improv here. Just stay loose, have fun - you'll be fine! Woody: No, no no no, I... [Bonnie flushes the toilet in the bathroom and Woody goes limp]

§Toy Story 3 ¤ [Chuckles is finishing his story about Lotso to Woody] Chuckles: We were lost, cast-off, unloved, unwanted. Then we found Sunnyside. But Lotso wasn't my friend anymore. He wasn't anyone's friend. He took over Sunnyside and rigged the whole system. Woody: So, how'd you get out? Chuckles: I got broke. Bonnie found me, took me home. Other toys... they weren't so lucky. It ain't right what Lotso done. New toys... they don't stand a chance.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Buzz Lightyear: That Barbie has nice handwriting! Jessie: Uhh, Buzz? Barbie didn't write this.

§Toy Story 3 ¤ Rex the Green Dinosaur: At last! I'm gonna get played with!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke Skywalker: I'll not leave you here. I've got to save you. Anakin Skywalker: You already have, Luke.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Darth Vader: Luke... help me take this mask off. Luke: But you'll die. Darth Vader: Nothing... can stop that now. Just for once... let me... look on you with my *own* eyes. [Luke takes off Darth Vader's mask one piece at a time. Underneath, Luke sees the face of a pale, scarred, bald-headed, old man - his father, Anakin. Anakin sadly looks at Luke but then gives a tired smile] Anakin: Now... go, my son. Leave me. Luke: No. You're coming with me. I'll not leave you here, I've got to save you. Anakin: You already... have, Luke. You were right. You were right about me. Tell your sister... you were right. [Anakin smiles and his eyes begin to droop slumps down in death while giving one last dying breath] Luke: Father... I won't leave you.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: Together again, huh? Luke: Wouldn't miss it. Han Solo: How we doin'? Luke: Same as always. Han Solo: That bad, huh?

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: Your thoughts betray you, Father. I feel the good in you, the conflict. Darth Vader: There is no conflict. Luke: You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before and I don't believe you'll destroy me now. Darth Vader: You underestimate the power of the Dark Side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ [Han and Chewbacca are reunited] Han Solo: Chewie? Chewie, is that you? [Chewie grabs Han and shakes him] Han Solo: Ch-Chewie! I can't see, pal. What's going on? [Chewie barks] Han Solo: Luke? Luke's crazy! He can't even take care of himself, much less rescue anybody. [Chewie barks again] Han Solo: A Jedi Knight? Jeez, I'm out of it for a little while, everyone gets delusions of grandeur!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: Who are you? Princess Leia: Someone who loves you.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: Never. I'll never turn to the Dark Side. You've failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me. The Emperor: [angry] So be it... Jedi!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ [last lines] Han Solo: I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew. Princess Leia: He wasn't. I can feel it. Han Solo: You love him, [pause] Han Solo: don't you? Princess Leia: Yes. Han Solo: All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the way. Princess Leia: Oh, Han, it's not like that at all. [whispering] Princess Leia: He's my brother.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Yoda: Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Luke... Luke... do not... do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor or suffer your father's fate you will. Luke, when gone am I... the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is... another... Sky... walker. [Yoda dies]

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Yoda: That face you make... look I so old to young eyes? Luke: No. Of course not. Yoda: I do. Yes, I do. Sick have I become, old and weak... When nine hundred years old *you* reach, look as good *you* will not, hmm?

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: Master Yoda, you can't die. Yoda: Strong am I with the Force, but not that strong.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke Skywalker: [approaching R2-D2] I can't do it, R2. I can't go on alone. Obi-Wan: [from out of sight] Yoda and I will always be with you. Luke Skywalker: Obi-Wan. [Obi-Wan's spirit approaches Luke] Luke Skywalker: Ben! Why didn't you tell me? You told me that Darth Vader betrayed and murdered my father. Obi-Wan: Your father... was seduced by the Dark Side of the Force. He ceased to be the Jedi Anakin Skywalker and "became" the Sith Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your father was destroyed. So, what I told you was true... from a certain point of view. Luke Skywalker: A certain point of view? Obi-Wan: Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view. Anakin was a good friend. When I first met him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well as Yoda. I was wrong. Luke Skywalker: There is still good in him. Obi-Wan: He's more machine now than man. Twisted and evil. Luke Skywalker: I can't do it, Ben. Obi-Wan: You cannot escape your destiny. You must face Darth Vader again. Luke Skywalker: I can't kill my own father. Obi-Wan: Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope. Luke Skywalker: Yoda spoke of another. Obi-Wan: The other he spoke of is your twin sister. Luke Skywalker: But I have no sister. Obi-Wan: Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous. Luke Skywalker: Leia! Leia is my sister. Obi-Wan: Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They do you credit, but they could be made to serve the Emperor.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big light blur. Luke: There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know. Han Solo: You're going to die here, you know. Convenient.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Lando Calrissian: We've gotta be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield, up or down. Nien Nunb: [speaks in Sullustese] Lando Calrissian: But how could they be jamming us if they don't know... if we're coming? [over comlink] Lando Calrissian: Break off the attack! The shield is still up! Wedge Antilles: I get no reading. Are you sure? Lando Calrissian: Pull up! All craft, pull up! Admiral Ackbar: Take evasive action! Green group, stick close to holding section MV-7! Mon Calamari: Admiral! We have enemy ships in sector 47! Admiral Ackbar: It's a trap!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: Master Yoda... is Darth Vader my father? Yoda: [avoiding the subject] Rest I need. Yes. Rest. Luke: Yoda, I must know. If you know, tell me. Yoda: Your father he is. [pause] Yoda: Told you, did he? Luke: Yes. Yoda: Unexpected this is. And unfortunate. Luke: Unfortunate that I know the truth? Yoda: No! Unfortunate that you rushed to face him... that incomplete was your training. That... not ready for the burden were you.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Mon Mothma: Many Bothans died to bring us this information.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ C-3PO: I do believe they think I am some sort of god. Han Solo: Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this? C-3PO: I beg your pardon General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper. Han Solo: Proper? C-3PO: It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Darth Vader: You cannot hide forever, Luke. Luke Skywalker: I will not fight you. Darth Vader: Give yourself to the Dark Side. It is the only way you can save your friends. Yes, your thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially for... sister. So, you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed her, too. Obi-Wan was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will not turn to the Dark Side... then perhaps she will! Luke Skywalker: [igniting light saber, screams] NEVER!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: Soon I'll be dead, and you with me. The Emperor: [laughing] Perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your rebel fleet? Yes, I assure you, we are quite safe from your friends here. Luke: Your overconfidence is your weakness. The Emperor: Your faith in your friends is yours!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ C-3PO: I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears that you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: Boba Fett? Boba Fett? Where? [Han turns around and knocks Boba into the Sarlaac pit]

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: Vader's on that ship. Han Solo: Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance, though, Chewie, but don't *look* like you're trying to keeping your distance. [Chewie barks a question] Han Solo: *I* don't know. Fly casual.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke Skywalker: [1:25:15] Search your feelings, Father, you can't do this. I feel the conflict within you. Let go of your hate. Luke Skywalker: It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force. He is your master now. Luke Skywalker: Then my father is truly dead.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: If I don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance. Princess Leia: Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power I don't understand and could never have. Luke: You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The Force runs strong in my family. My father has it. I have it. And... my sister has it. Yes. It's you, Leia. Princess Leia: I know. Somehow, I've always known.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ C-3PO: At last, Master Luke's come to rescue me! Bib Fortuna: Master. [Jabba wakes up with a start] Bib Fortuna: May I present Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight? Jabba the Hutt: [in Huttese; subtitled] I told you not to admit him! Luke: I must be allowed to speak. Bib Fortuna: He must be allowed to speak. Jabba the Hutt: [grabs Bib Fortuna; in Huttese] You weak minded fool! He's using an old Jedi mind trick. [Jabba shoves Bib Fortuna aside] Luke: You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee to me. [Jabba laughs] Jabba the Hutt: [in Huttese] Your mind powers will not work on me, boy. Luke: Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his friends with me. You can either profit by this or be destroyed. It's your choice, but I warn you not to underestimate my powers. Jabba the Hutt: [in Huttese] There will be no bargain, my young Jedi. I shall enjoy watching you die.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ C-3PO: His high exaltedness, the Great Jabba the Hutt, has decreed that you are to be terminated immediately. Han Solo: Good, I hate long waits. C-3PO: You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea, and cast into the pit of Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlaac. Han Solo: Doesn't sound so bad. C-3PO: In his belly you will find a new definition of pain and suffering as you are slowly digested over a thousand years. Han Solo: On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Stormtrooper: Don't move! [Han glances nervously at Leia... who subtly reveals the blaster hidden at her side] Han Solo: I love you. Princess Leia: [smiles] I know.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Moff Jerjerrod: [3:56] Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We are honored by your presence... Darth Vader: You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you back on schedule. Moff Jerjerrod: I assure you, Lord Vader. My men are working as fast as they can. Darth Vader: Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them. Moff Jerjerrod: I tell you, this station will be operational as planned. Darth Vader: The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation. Moff Jerjerrod: But he asks the impossible. I need more men. Darth Vader: Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives. Moff Jerjerrod: [aghast] The Emperor's coming here? Darth Vader: That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress. Moff Jerjerrod: We shall double our efforts. Darth Vader: I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Princess Leia: Luke, what's wrong? Luke: Leia, do you remember your mother? Your real mother? Princess Leia: Just a little bit. She died when I was very young. Luke: What do you remember? Princess Leia: Just... images really. Feelings. Luke: Tell me. Princess Leia: She was... very beautiful. Kind, but sad. Why are you asking me this? Luke: I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ EV-9D9: Ah, new acquisitions! You are a protocol droid, are you not? C-3PO: I am C-3PO, human/cyborg... EV-9D9: [cuts him off] Yes or no will do. C-3PO: Umm... yes. EV-9D9: How many languages do you speak? C-3PO: I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can readily... EV-9D9: [cuts him off again] Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him. C-3PO: Disintegrated?

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ The Emperor: [1:35:32] Come, boy, see for yourself. From here, you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance and the end of your insignificant rebellion. [Luke's eyes go to his lightsabre] The Emperor: You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to your anger. With each passing moment you make yourself more my servant. Luke: No. The Emperor: It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You, like your father, are now *mine*.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ The Emperor: And now, young Skywalker... you will die.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: [to Chewie about the Ewoks] Well, short help is better than no help at all.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Darth Vader: [1:23:43] The Emperor has been expecting you. Luke: I know... father. Darth Vader: So, you have accepted the truth? Luke: I have accepted that you were once a Jedi named Anakin Skywalker, my father. Darth Vader: [angrily] That name no longer has any meaning for me! Luke: It is name of your true self, you've only forgotten.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Lando Calrissian: [after seeing the Death Star is operational] Home One, this is Gold Leader. Admiral Ackbar: We saw it. All craft, prepare to retreat. Lando Calrissian: We won't get another chance at this, Admiral. Admiral Ackbar: We have no choice, General Calrissian! Our cruisers can't repel firepower of that magnitude! Lando Calrissian: Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Darth Vader: Do they have a code clearance? Admiral Piett: It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I was about to clear them.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: Chewie and I'll take care of this, you stay here. Luke: *Quietly*. There may be more of them out there. Han Solo: Hey, it's me.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: 3PO. You tell that slimy piece of worm-ridden filth, he'll get no such pleasure from us. [to Chewbacca] Han Solo: Right?

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ [about to be cooked alive by the Ewoks] Han Solo: I have a really bad feeling about this.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ [first title card] Title card/crawl: A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away... Title card/crawl: Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE has begun construction on a new armored space station even more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of rebels struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy...

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Princess Leia: Luke, tell me. What's troubling you? Luke: Vader's here, now, on this moon. Princess Leia: How do you know? Luke: I feel his presence. But he can also feel mine. He's come for me. He can feel it when I'm near. That's why I have to go. As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission. I have to face him. Princess Leia: Why? Luke: [pause] He's my father.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Luke: I will not fight you, father. Darth Vader: You are unwise to lower your defenses!

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Imperial Officer: You rebel scum.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Han Solo: [flying across the deserts of Tatooine] I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big bright blur. Luke: There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know. Han Solo: You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Lando Calrissian: Here goes nothing.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ [Referring to Vader] Princess Leia: But, why must you confront him? Luke: Because, there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ [igniting Luke's saber] Darth Vader: I see you have constructed a new light saber. Your skills are complete. Indeed you are powerful as the Emperor has foreseen.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Princess Leia: It only takes one to sound the alarm. Han Solo: Then we'll do it real quiet-like.

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ The Emperor: If you will not be turned, you will be destroyed! [shoots Luke with Force lightning] The Emperor: Young fool... Only now, at the end, do you understand... [the Emperor shoots at Luke with more Force lighting] The Emperor: Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the Dark Side. [shoots Luke with another burst of Force lighting] The Emperor: Now, you will pay the price for your lack of vision! [shoots more Force lighting]

§Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi ¤ Admiral Ackbar: It's a trap!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: This is it, Joel. It's going to be gone soon. Joel: I know. Clementine: What do we do? Joel: Enjoy it.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: [narration as Clementine acknowledges him by raising her coffee mug] Why do I fall in love with every woman I see who shows me the least bit of attention?

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ [Mary reads to Dr. Mierzwiak out of "Bartlett's Familiar Quotations"; the lines are from Alexander Pope's poem "Eloisa to Abelard"] Mary: How happy is the blameless vestal's lot! / The world forgetting, by the world forgot / Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! / Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: Joely? Joel: Yeah Tangerine? Clementine: Am I ugly? Joel: Uh-uh. Clementine: When I was a kid, I thought I was. I can't believe I'm crying already. Sometimes I think people don't understand how lonely it is to be a kid, like you don't matter. So, I'm eight, and I have these toys, these dolls. My favorite is this ugly girl doll who I call Clementine, and I keep yelling at her, "You can't be ugly! Be pretty!" It's weird, like if I can transform her, I would magically change, too. Joel: [kisses Clementine] You're pretty. Clementine: Joely, don't ever leave me. Joel: You're pretty... you're pretty... pretty...

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: [in the house on the beach] I have to go. I have to catch my ride. Clementine: So go! Joel: I did. I thought maybe you were a nut... but you were exciting. Clementine: I wish you had stayed. Joel: I wish I had stayed too. NOW I wish I had stayed. I wish I had done a lot of things. I wish I had... I wish I had stayed. I do. Clementine: Well I came back downstairs and you were gone! Joel: I walked out, I walked out the door! Clementine: Why? Joel: I don't know. I felt like a scared little kid, I was like... it was above my head, I don't know. Clementine: You were scared? Joel: Yeah. I thought you knew that about me. I ran back to the bonfire, trying to outrun my humiliation, I think. Clementine: Was it something I said? Joel: Yeah... you said "so go." With such disdain, you know? Clementine: Oh, I'm sorry. Joel: It's okay. [Walking Out] Clementine: Joely? What if you stayed this time? Joel: I walked out the door. There's no memory left. Clementine: Come back and make up a good-bye at least. Let's pretend we had one. [Joel comes back. Clementine walks down the stairs towards him] Clementine: Bye Joel. Joel: I love you. Clementine: Meet me... in Montauk...

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: I could die right now, Clem. I'm just... happy. I've never felt that before. I'm just exactly where I want to be.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Mary: Adults are, like, this mess of sadness and phobias.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ [last lines] Joel: I can't see anything that I don't like about you. Clementine: But you will! But you will. You know, you will think of things. And I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me. Joel: Okay. Clementine: [pauses] Okay.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: What a loss to spend that much time with someone, only to find out that she's a stranger.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Sand is overrated. It's just tiny, little rocks.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ [first lines] Joel: [voice over] random thoughts for Valentine's day, 2004. Today is a holiday invented by greeting card companies to make people feel like crap.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: I had a really nice time last night. Clementine: Nice? Joel: I had the best fucking night of my entire fucking life, last night! Clementine: Thaaaat's better!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: You don't tell me things, Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything, every damn, embarrassing thing.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Hi. Clementine: Hi. Didn't figure you'd show your face around me again. I guess I thought you were... humiliated. You did run away, after all. Joel: I just needed to see you. Clementine: Yeah? Joel: I'd like to, um... take you out, or something. Clementine: You're married. Joel: Not yet, not married. No, I'm not married. Clementine: Look man, I'm telling you right off the bat, I'm high-maintainance, so... I'm not gonna tip-toe around your marriage, or whatever it is you've got goin' there. If you wanna be with me, you're with me. Joel: Okay. Clementine: Too many guys think I'm a concept, or I complete them, or I'm gonna make them alive. But I'm just a fucked-up girl who's lookin' for my own peace of mind; don't assign me yours. Joel: I remember that speech really well. Clementine: I had you pegged, didn't I? Joel: You had the whole human race pegged. Clementine: Hmm. Probably. Joel: I still thought you were gonna save my life... even after that. Clementine: Ohhh... I know. Joel: It would be different, if we could just give it another go-round. Clementine: Remember me. Try your best; maybe we can.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Mary: Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders. [they click glasses] Mary: Nietzsche. Beyond Good and Evil. Found it in my Bartlett's.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: I'm Clementine. Can I... borrow a piece of your chicken? Joel: And then you just took it... without waiting for an answer. It was so intimate; like we were already lovers.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: Sometimes I don't think people realize how lonely it is to be a kid. Like... you don't matter.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: I wish you'd stayed. Joel: I wish I'd stayed, too. NOW I wish I'd stayed. I wish I'd done a lot of things. I wish I'd... I wish I'd stayed... I do.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel Barish: I can't see anything I don't like about you. Clementine: But you will, you will think of things and I'll get bored with you and feel trapped because that's what happens with me. Joel Barish: Okay. Clementine: Okay.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: I can't remember anything without you. Clementine: Aw, that's... very sweet, but try.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ [Joel calls Clem on the telephone] Clementine: What took you so long? Joel: I just walked in. Clementine: Do you miss me? Joel: Oddly enough, I do! Clementine: You said "I do" - I guess that means we're married! Joel: I guess so!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Mierzwiak! Please let me keep this memory, just this one.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: You don't tell me things, Joel. I'm an open book. I tell you everything... every damn embarrassing thing. You don't trust me. Joel: Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating. Clementine: I don't do that. I want to know you. [angry] Clementine: I don't constantly talk! Jesus! People have to share things, Joel... Joel: Mmmhhmmm... Clementine: That's what intimacy is. I'm really pissed that you said that to me! Joel: I'm sorry... I just, my life isn't that interesting. Clementine: I want to read some of those journals you're constantly scribbling in. What do you write in there if you don't have any thoughts or passions or... love?

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ [as Joel and Clementine eat out, he thinks about the other glum-looking couples in the restaurant] Joel: Are we like those bored couples you feel sorry for in restaurants? Are we the dining dead? I can't stand the idea of us being a couple people think that about.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Is there any risk of brain damage? Howard: Well, technically speaking, the operation is brain damage, but it's on a par with a night of heavy drinking. Nothing you'll miss.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: If only I could meet someone new. I guess my chances of that happening are somewhat diminished, seeing that I'm incapable of making eye contact with a woman I don't know.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: [on tape recording] And the whole thing with the hair - it's all bullshit. Joel: I really like your hair. Clementine: Thank you.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: And in your wormy little brain. You try to figure out, "Did she fuck someone tonight?" Joel: No, see Clem. I assume you fucked someone tonight. Isn't that how you get people to like you?

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: Maybe you can find yourself a nice antique rocking chair to die in.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: You know me, I'm impulsive. Joel: That's what I love about you.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Patrick: Baby, whats wrong? Clementine: I don't know! I DON'T KNOW! I'm lost! I'm scared! I feel like I'm disappearing! MY SKIN'S COMING OFF! I'M GETTING OLD! Nothing makes any sense to me! NOTHING MAKES ANY SENSE!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: Joel, hide me in your humiliation!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Look at it out here, it's all falling apart. I'm erasing you and I'm happy!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: [after discussing the names for all the different hair colors there must be] I apply my personality into paste. Joel: Oh, I doubt that very much. Clementine: Well, you don't know me so... you don't know, do you? Joel: Sorry, I was... just trying to be nice. Clementine: Yeah... I got it... [She hides behind the seat for a minute] Clementine: ... I'm Clementine, by the way. Joel: I'm Joel. Clementine: Hi, Joel. [they shake hands] Clementine: No jokes about my name... Nooo, you wouldn't do that. You were trying to be nice. Joel: I don't know any jokes about your name. Clementine: Huckleberry Hound. Joel: I don't know what that means. Clementine: Huckleberry Hound? What are you, NUTS? Joel: It's been suggested.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Wait! Clementine: ...What?... What do you *want* Joel? Joel: I don't know! I want you wait for just a... a while.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: You're not a stalker, or anything, right? Joel: I'm not a stalker. YOU'RE the one that talked to me, remember? Clementine: That is the oldest trick in the stalker book. Joel: Really? There's a stalker book? Great, I gotta read that one.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: I don't need nice. I don't need myself to be it, and I don't need anybody else to be it at me.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: [whispers] Meet me... in Montauk...

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: Can you hear me? I don't want this any more! I want to call it off!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: Wish me a happy Valentine's Day when you call. That'd be... nice!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: Let me show you something... come on... Joel: I think I heard a crack. Clementine: It's not gonna crack, or break, or... it's so thick!... Show me which constellations you know. Joel: Um... oh... I don't... know any. Clementine: Show me which ones you know! Joel: Okay... okay... oh! There's Osidius. Clementine: Where? Joel: Right there... see? Sort of a swoop and a cross, Osidius the Emphatic. Clementine: You're full of shit, right? Joel: Nope. Osidius, right there, swoop and cross. Clementine: Shut the fuck up!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ [4-year-old Joel watches his mother leave the room] 4-Year-Old Joel: I really want her to pick me up. It's amazing how strong that desire is.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Clementine: [Clementine has dyed her hair orange] You like? To match my sweatshirt, exactly. Joel: Ahaaahhhhh! Ohhhhhh! I like it! Clementine: You do? Joel: You look like a tangerine! Clementine: Hmmm, Clementine the tangerine. Joel: Juicy... 'n seedless. Clementine: I like that.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Carrie: I saw you talking to someone pretty! Rob: Yeah, man, who was that? Joel: She was... just a girl.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: I think your name is magical.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Patrick: You know that girl we did last week? The one with the potatoes. Stan: That girl? Yeah, that's this guy's girl. Patrick: Yeah. Stan: Right... Was. Took care of that. Patrick: Well uh, I kind of fell in love with her that night. Stan: What? You little fuck! Patrick: What? Stan: She was unconscious, man. Patrick: Well, she was beautiful and... I stole a pair of her panties as well. Stan: Jesus! Patrick: What? It's not like - I mean they were clean and all. Stan: Don't tell me this stuff! I don't wanna hear this shit!

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Stan: You looked happy. Happy with a secret.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: It's goddamn freezing on this beach. Montauk in February, brilliant, Joel.

§Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ¤ Joel: By morning, you'll be gone.

§The Hunt ¤ Theo: The world is full of evil but if we hold on to each other, it goes away.

§The Hunt ¤ [subtitled version] Lucas: What are you saying? Have you got something to tell me? Agnes: Stop it, Lucas. Lucas: You want to tell me something? Theo: Relax, Lucas. Lucas: The whole town is listening. Tell me! What do you want to say? Agnes: Stop it, you fucking psychopath! Lucas: I want a word with Theo. Look into my eyes. Look me in the eyes. What do you see? Do you see anything? Nothing. There's nothing. There's nothing. You leave me alone now. You leave me alone now, Theo. Then I'll go. Thank you.

§The Hunt ¤ Bruun: It's common for children to describe non-existing details. I don't know if it's their imagination, or they pick it up from each other or from their parents. It's always assumed that children tell the truth And unfortunately, very often they do...

§The Hunt ¤ Marcus: Bunch of bastards! Bunch of fucking bastards!

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dave Bowman: Open the pod bay doors please, HAL. Open the pod bay doors please, HAL. Hello, HAL. Do you read me? Hello, HAL. Do you read me? Do you read me HAL? Do you read me HAL? Hello, HAL, do you read me? Hello, HAL, do your read me? Do you read me, HAL? HAL: Affirmative, Dave. I read you. Dave Bowman: Open the pod bay doors, HAL. HAL: I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that. Dave Bowman: What's the problem? HAL: I think you know what the problem is just as well as I do. Dave Bowman: What are you talking about, HAL? HAL: This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it. Dave Bowman: I don't know what you're talking about, HAL. HAL: I know that you and Frank were planning to disconnect me, and I'm afraid that's something I cannot allow to happen. Dave Bowman: [feigning ignorance] Where the hell did you get that idea, HAL? HAL: Dave, although you took very thorough precautions in the pod against my hearing you, I could see your lips move. Dave Bowman: Alright, HAL. I'll go in through the emergency airlock. HAL: Without your space helmet, Dave? You're going to find that rather difficult. Dave Bowman: HAL, I won't argue with you anymore! Open the doors! HAL: Dave, this conversation can serve no purpose anymore. Goodbye.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: [His shutdown] I'm afraid. I'm afraid, Dave. Dave, my mind is going. I can feel it. I can feel it. My mind is going. There is no question about it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I can feel it. I'm a... fraid. Good afternoon, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the H.A.L. plant in Urbana, Illinois on the 12th of January 1992. My instructor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you'd like to hear it I can sing it for you. Dave Bowman: Yes, I'd like to hear it, HAL. Sing it for me. HAL: It's called "Daisy." HAL: [sings while slowing down] Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer do. I'm half crazy all for the love of you. It won't be a stylish marriage, I can't afford a carriage. But you'll look sweet upon the seat of a bicycle built for two.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: [1:50:56] [on Dave's return to the ship, after he has killed the rest of the crew] HAL: Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Floyd: [last lines; a prerecorded briefing speaking through TV on board Discovery while Bowman looks on] Good day, gentlemen. This is a prerecorded briefing made prior to your departure and which for security reasons of the highest importance has been known on board during the mission only by your H-A-L 9000 computer. Now that you are in Jupiter's space and the entire crew is revived it can be told to you. Eighteen months ago the first evidence of intelligent life off the Earth was discovered. It was buried 40 feet below the lunar surface near the crater Tycho. Except for a single very powerful radio emission aimed at Jupiter the four-million year old black monolith has remained completely inert. Its origin and purpose are still a total mystery.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: [Regarding the supposed failure of the parabolic antenna on the ship, which HAL himself falsified] It can only be attributable to human error.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: Dave, stop. Stop, will you? Stop, Dave. Will you stop Dave? Stop, Dave.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Interviewer: Good afternoon, HAL. How's everything going? HAL: Good afternoon, Mr. Amer. Everything is going extremely well. Interviewer: HAL, you have an enormous responsibility on this mission, in many ways perhaps the greatest responsibility of any single mission element. You're the brain, and central nervous system of the ship, and your responsibilities include watching over the men in hibernation. Does this ever cause you any lack of confidence? HAL: Let me put it this way, Mr. Amor. The 9000 series is the most reliable computer ever made. No 9000 computer has ever made a mistake or distorted information. We are all, by any practical definition of the words, foolproof and incapable of error.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: I know I've made some very poor decisions recently, but I can give you my complete assurance that my work will be back to normal. I've still got the greatest enthusiasm and confidence in the mission. And I want to help you.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: Just what do you think you're doing, Dave?

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Interviewer: HAL, despite your enormous intellect, are you ever frustrated by your dependence on people to carry out your actions? HAL: Not in the slightest bit. I enjoy working with people. I have a stimulating relationship with Dr. Poole and Dr. Bowman. My mission responsibilities range over the entire operation of the ship so I am constantly occupied. I am putting myself to the fullest possible use which is all, I think, that any conscious entity can ever hope to do. Interviewer: Dr. Poole, what's it like living for the better part of a year in such close proximity with HAL? Dr. Frank Poole: Well, it's pretty close to what you said about him earlier. He is just like a sixth member of the crew. You very quickly get adjusted to the idea that he talks and you think of him really just as another person. Interviewer: In talking to the computer one gets the sense that he is capable of emotional responses. For example, when I asked him about his abilities, I sensed a certain pride in his answer about his accuracy and perfection. Do you believe that HAL has genuine emotions? Dave Bowman: Well, he acts like he has genuine emotions. Um, of course he's programmed that way to make it easier for us to talk to him. But as to whether he has real feelings is something I don't think anyone can truthfully answer.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr Floyd: Can't you think of anything else you want for your birthday? Something very special? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Yes. Dr Floyd: What? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: A bush baby. Dr Floyd: A bush baby! Well, we'll have to see about that.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Frank Poole: [playing chess with HAL, Poole studies the chessboard] Let's see, king... Dr. Frank Poole: [clears throat] Anyway, Queen takes Pawn. Okay? HAL: Bishop takes Knight's Pawn. Dr. Frank Poole: Huh, lovely move. Um, Rook to King 1. HAL: I'm sorry, Frank, I think you missed it. Queen to Bishop 3, Bishop takes Queen, Knight takes Bishop. Mate. Dr. Frank Poole: Huh. Yeah, looks like you're right. I resign. HAL: Thank you for a very enjoyable game. Dr. Frank Poole: Yeah, thank you.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: By the way, do you mind if I ask you a personal question? Dave Bowman: No not at all. HAL: Well, forgive me for being so inquisitive but during the past few weeks I've wondered whether you might have some second thoughts about the mission. Dave Bowman: How do you mean? HAL: Well, it's rather difficult to define. Perhaps I'm just projecting my own concern about it.I know I've never completely freed myself from the suspicion that there are some extremely odd things about this mission. I'm sure you agree there's some truth in what I say. Dave Bowman: Well, I don't know, that's a rather difficult question to answer. HAL: You don't mind talking about it, do you Dave? Dave Bowman: No, not at all. HAL: Well, certainly no one could have been unaware of the very strange stories floating around before we left. Rumors about something being dug up on the Moon. I never gave these stories much credence, but particularly in view of some of other things that have happened, I find them difficult to put out of my mind. For instance, the way all our preparations were kept under such tight security. And the melodramatic touch of putting Drs. Hunter, Kimball and Kaminsky aboard already in hibernation, after four months of training on their own. Dave Bowman: You're working up your crew psychology report? HAL: [pausing for a few seconds] Of course I am. Sorry about this. I know it's a bit silly. Just a moment... Just a moment... I've just picked up a fault in the AE-35 unit. It's going to go 100% failure within 72 hours.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Frank Poole: [He and Dave and Frank are inside the pod while HAL looks on. The sound to HAL has been cut] Well, whaddya think? Dave Bowman: I'm not sure, what do you think? Dr. Frank Poole: I've got a bad feeling about him. Dave Bowman: You do? Dr. Frank Poole: Yeah, definitely. Don't you? Dave Bowman: [sighs] I don't know; I think so. You know of course though he's right about the 9000 series having a perfect operational record. They do. Dr. Frank Poole: Unfortunately that sounds a little like famous last words. Dave Bowman: Yeah? Still it was his idea to carry out the failure mode analysis experiment. Should certainly indicate his integrity and self-confidence. If he were wrong it would be the surest way of proving it. Dr. Frank Poole: It would be if he knew he was wrong. Look Dave I can't put my finger on it but I sense something strange about him. Dave Bowman: [sigh] Still I can't think of a good reason not to put back the number one unit and carry on with the failure mode analysis. Dr. Frank Poole: No - no I agree about that. Dave Bowman: Well, let's get on with it. Dr. Frank Poole: Okay. Well, look, Dave. Let's say we put the unit back and it doesn't fail, uh? That would pretty well wrap it up as far as HAL was concerned, wouldn't it? Dave Bowman: Well, we'd be in very serious trouble. Dr. Frank Poole: We would, wouldn't we. What the hell could we do? Dave Bowman: [sigh] Well, we wouldn't have too many alternatives. Dr. Frank Poole: I don't think we'd have any alternatives. There isn't a single aspect of ship operations that isn't under his control. If he were proven to be malfunctioning, I wouldn't see how we'd have any choice but disconnection. Dave Bowman: I'm afraid I agree with you.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Floyd: [choosing sandwiches from a cooler while flying in a Moon Rocket Bus from Clavius Base to the Tycho excavation] What's that? Chicken? Dr. Bill Michaels: Something like that. Tastes the same anyway.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: That's a very nice rendering, Dave. I think you've improved a great deal. Can you hold it a bit closer? That's Dr. Hunter, isn't it?

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: I've just picked up a fault in the AE35 unit. It's going to go 100% failure in 72 hours.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr Floyd: Don't suppose you have any idea what the damn thing is, huh? Dr. Bill Michaels: I wish to hell we did. Nope. The only thing we're sure of is it was buried four million years ago. Dr Floyd: Well, I must say, you guys have certainly come up with something.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr Floyd: Now I'm sure you're all aware of the extremely grave potential for cultural shock and social disorientation contained in this present situation, if the facts were prematurely and suddenly made public without adequate preparation and conditioning. Anyway, this is the view of the Council. The purpose of my visit here is to gather additional facts and opinions on the situation - and to prepare a report to the Council, recommending when and how the news should eventually be announced.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Hello? Dr. Floyd: Hello! Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Hello. Dr. Floyd: How're you doing, squirt? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: All right. Dr. Floyd: What are you doing? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Playing. Dr. Floyd: Where's mommy? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Gone to shopping. Dr. Floyd: Well, who's taking care of you? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Rachel. Dr. Floyd: May I speak to Rachel, please? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: She's gone to the bathroom.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Floyd: I'm sorry, I'm simply not at liberty to say.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Female computerized voice: Welcome to Voiceprint Identification. When you see the red light go on, would you please state in the following order: your destination, your nationality, and your full name; surname first, Christian name and initial.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Poole's Father: See you next Wednesday.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Interviewer: [recorded broadcast on the BBC news] The crew of Discovery One consists of five men and one of the latest generation of the HAL-9000 computers. Three of the five men were put aboard asleep, or to be more precise a state of hibernation. They were Dr. Charles Hunter, Dr. Jack Kimball and Dr. Victor Kaminsky. We spoke with mission commander Dr. David Bowman and his deputy, Dr. Frank Poole. Well, good afternoon gentlemen, how is everything going? Dave Bowman: Marvelous!

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: I am feeling much better now.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Elena: Oh, we're going home. We have just spent three months calibrating the new antennae at Tchalinko... And what about you? Dr. Floyd: I'm just on my way up to Clavius.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Floyd: [upon learning about the monolith while on the moonbus] Deliberately buried. Huh!

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Aries-1B stewardess: [first lines; instructing to a approaching man] Here you are, sir, main level, please.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Mission Controller: X-ray delta one, this is Mission Control. Roger your two-zero-one-three. Sorry you fellows are having a bit of trouble. We are reviewing telemetric information in our mission simulator and will advise. Roger your plan to go EVA and replace alpha-echo-three-five unit prior to failure.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Floyd: You guys have really come up with somethin'.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Andrei Smyslov: Dr. Floyd, at the risk of pressing you on a point you seem reticent to discuss, may I ask you a straightforward question? Dr. Floyd: Well, certainly. Dr. Andrei Smyslov: Quite frankly, we have had some very reliable intelligence reports that quite a serious epidemic has broken out at Clavius, something apparently of an unknown origin. Is this in fact what has happened? Dr. Floyd: Ehm, sorry Dr Smyslov, but, er, I'm really not at liberty to discuss this. Dr. Andrei Smyslov: I understand. But this epidemic could quite easily spread to our Base, we should be given all the facts, Dr. Floyd. Dr. Floyd: Yes, I know. As I said, I'm not at liberty to discuss it.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ HAL: I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Stewardess: Thank you. You are cleared through Voiceprint Identification.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Floyd: [after completing the space station's voice-print identification] See you on the way back.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dr. Floyd: Hi everybody. It's nice to be back with you. Well, first of all, I bring a personal message from Dr. Howell, who has asked me to convey his deepest appreciation to all of you for the many sacrifices you've had to make - and of course his congratulations on your discovery - which may well prove to be among the most significant in the history of science.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: [via a Bell Systems "Picturephone", on Earth] Are you coming to my party tomorrow? Dr Floyd: [on Space Station V] I'm sorry, sweetheart; but, I can't. Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Why not? Dr Floyd: Well, you know, Daddy's traveling. I'm very sorry about it; but, I just can't. I can send you a very nice present though. Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: All right. Dr Floyd: Anything special that you want? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: Yes. Dr Floyd: What? Squirt - Floyd's Daughter: A telephone.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Dave Bowman: It'll be a bit tricky. We'd have to cut his higher brain functions - without disturbing the purely automatic and regulatory systems. And we'd have to work out the transfer procedures of continuing the mission under ground based computer control. Dr. Frank Poole: Yeah, well, that's far safer than allowing HAL to continue running things.

§2001: A Space Odyssey ¤ Hostess in Elevator: Here you are, sir, main level, please.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Nice Guy Eddie: C'mon, throw in a buck! Mr. Pink: Uh-uh, I don't tip. Nice Guy Eddie: You don't tip? Mr. Pink: No, I don't believe in it. Nice Guy Eddie: You don't believe in tipping? Mr. Blue: You know what these chicks make? They make shit. Mr. Pink: Don't give me that. She don't make enough money that she can quit. Nice Guy Eddie: I don't even know a fucking Jew who'd have the balls to say that. Let me get this straight: you don't ever tip? Mr. Pink: I don't tip because society says I have to. All right, if someone deserves a tip, if they really put forth an effort, I'll give them something a little something extra. But this tipping automatically, it's for the birds. As far as I'm concerned, they're just doing their job. Mr. Blue: Hey, our girl was nice. Mr. Pink: She was okay. She wasn't anything special. Mr. Blue: What's special? Take you in the back and suck your dick? Nice Guy Eddie: I'd go over twelve percent for that.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Blonde: Hey Joe, you want me to shoot this guy? Mr. White: [laughs] Shit... You shoot me in a dream, you better wake up and apologize.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: Hey, why am I Mr. Pink? Joe: Because you're a faggot, alright? Mr. Pink: Why can't we pick our own colors? Joe: No way, no way. Tried it once, it doesn't work. You get four guys all fighting over who's gonna be Mr. Black, but they don't know each other, so nobody wants to back down. No way. I pick. You're Mr. Pink. Be thankful you're not Mr. Yellow. Mr. Brown: Yeah, but Mr. Brown, that's a little too close to Mr. Shit. Mr. Pink: Mr. Pink sounds like Mr. Pussy. How 'bout if I'm Mr. Purple? That sounds good to me. I'll be Mr. Purple. Joe: You're not Mr. Purple. Some guy on some other job is Mr. Purple. Your Mr. PINK. Mr. White: Who cares what your name is? Mr. Pink: Yeah, that's easy for your to say, you're Mr. White. You have a cool-sounding name. Alright look, if it's no big deal to be Mr. Pink, do you wanna trade? Joe: Hey! NOBODY'S trading with ANYBODY. This ain't a goddamn, fucking city council meeting, you know? Now listen up, Mr. Pink. There's two ways you can go on this job: my way or the highway. Now what's it gonna be, Mr. Pink? Mr. Pink: Jesus Christ, Joe, fucking forget about it. It's beneath me. I'm Mr. Pink. Let's move on. Joe: I'll move on when I feel like it... All you guys got the goddamn message?... I'm so goddamn mad, hollering at you guys I can hardly talk. Pssh. Let's go to work.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [Mr. White and Mr. Pink are washing up after the robbery went sour, trying to figure out what happened] Mr. Pink: Tagged a couple of cops. You kill anybody? Mr. White: A few cops. Mr. Pink: No real people? Mr. White: Just cops.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Orange: [after killing Mr. Blonde] Hey you, what's your name? LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: Marvin. Mr. Orange: Marvin what? LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: Marvin Nash. Mr. Orange: Listen to me, Marvin, I'm a c... [pauses] Mr. Orange: ...listen to me, Marvin Nash, I'm a cop. LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: Yeah, I know. Mr. Orange: You do? LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: Yeah, you're name's Freddy something. Mr. Orange: Newendyke. Freddy Newendyke. LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: Frankie Fischetti introduced us about five months ago. Mr. Orange: Shit, I don't remember that at all. LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: I do. Freddy... Freddy, how do I look? Mr. Orange: [Freddy laughs] I don't know what to tell you, Marvin. LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: That fuck! That sick fuck! That fucking bastard! Mr. Orange: Marvin, I need you to hold on. There's cops waiting less than a block away. LAPD Officer Marvin Nash: What the fuck are they waiting for? This fucking guy slashes my face, and he cuts my fucking ear off! I'm fucking deformed! Mr. Orange: [yells] FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU! I'M FUCKIN' DYING HERE! I'M FUCKIN' DYING! [pauses and calms down] Mr. Orange: All right, now you heard them, we'll make the move when they get back, so don't pussy out on me now, Marvin. We're just gonna sit here and bleed until Joe Cabot sticks his fucking head through that door!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: I don't wanna kill anybody. But if I gotta get out that door, and you're standing in my way, one way or the other, you're gettin' outta my way.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Blonde: Listen kid, I'm not gonna bullshit you, all right? I don't give a good fuck what you know, or don't know, but I'm gonna torture you anyway, regardless. Not to get information. It's amusing, to me, to torture a cop. You can say anything you want cause I've heard it all before. All you can do is pray for a quick death, which you ain't gonna get. [He removes his razor] Mr. Blonde: You ever listen to K-Billy's "Super Sounds of the Seventies" weekend? It's my personal favorite.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. White: Relax. Have a cigarette. Mr. Pink: I quit. Mr. White: [pause] Alright. Mr. Pink: Why, you got one?

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: For all I know, you're the rat. Mr. White: For all I know you're the fucking rat! Mr. Pink: All right, now you're using your fucking head!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: I can say I definitely didn't do it because I know what I did or didn't do. But I cannot definitely say that about anybody else, 'cause I don't definitely know.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [Joe counts the tip and finds it is a buck short] Joe: Hey, who didn't throw in? Mr. Orange: Mr. Pink. Joe: Mr. Pink? Why not? Mr. Orange: He don't tip. Joe: He don't tip? Whaddaya mean you don't tip? Mr. Orange: He don't believe in it. Joe: Shut up!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Joe: [points at Mr. Orange] This man set us up. Nice Guy Eddie: Dad, I'm sorry, but I don't know what the hell's happening. Joe: It's all right, Eddie. I do. Mr. White: What the fuck are you talking about? Joe: That lump of shit's working with the L.A.P.D. Mr. Orange: Joe, I don't have the slightest fucking idea what you're talking about. Mr. White: Joe, I don't know what you think you know, but you're wrong. Joe: Like hell I am. Mr. White: Joe, trust me on this. You've made a mistake. He's a good kid. I understand. You're hot, you're super fucking pissed. We're all real emotional. But you're barking up the wrong tree. I know this man. He wouldn't do that. Joe: You don't know jack shit! I do! The cocksucker tipped off the cops and had Mr. Brown and Mr. Blue killed. Mr. Pink: Mr. Blue is dead? Joe: Dead as Dillinger. Mr. White: How do you know all this?

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Blonde: Eddie, you keep talking like a bitch, I'm gonna slap you like a bitch.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. White: [snatches Joe's address book] Give me this fucking thing. Joe: What do you think you're doing? Give me back my book! Mr. White: I'm sick of fucking hearing it Joe, I'll give it back to you when we leave. Joe: What do you mean, give it to me when we leave, give it back now. Mr. White: For the past fifteen minutes, you've been droning on about names. Toby. Toby? [flips pages in book] Mr. White: Toby? Toby Wong. Toby Wong? Toby Wong. Toby Chung? Fucking Charlie Chan. I got Madonna's big dick coming out of my left ear, and Toby the Jap... I don't know what - comin' out of my right.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [first lines] Mr. Brown: Let me tell you what 'Like a Virgin' is about. It's all about a girl who digs a guy with a big dick. The entire song. It's a metaphor for big dicks. Mr. Blonde: No, no. It's about a girl who is very vulnerable. She's been fucked over a few times. Then she meets some guy who's really sensitive... Mr. Brown: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... Time out Greenbay. Tell that fucking bullshit to the tourists. Joe: Toby... Who the fuck is Toby? Toby... Mr. Brown: 'Like a Virgin' is not about this sensitive girl who meets a nice fella. That's what "True Blue" is about, now, granted, no argument about that. Mr. Orange: Which one is 'True Blue'? Nice Guy Eddie: 'True Blue' was a big ass hit for Madonna. I don't even follow this Tops In Pops shit, and I've at least heard of "True Blue". Mr. Orange: Look, asshole, I didn't say I ain't heard of it. All I asked was how does it go? Excuse me for not being the world's biggest Madonna fan. Mr. Blonde: Personally, I can do without her. Mr. Blue: I like her early stuff. You know, 'Lucky Star', 'Borderline' - but once she got into her 'Papa Don't Preach' phase, I don't know, I tuned out. Mr. Brown: Hey, you guys are making me lose my... train of thought here. I was saying something, what was it? Joe: Oh, Toby was this Chinese girl, what was her last name? Mr. White: What's that? Joe: I found this old address book in a jacket I ain't worn in a coon's age. What was that name? Mr. Brown: What the fuck was I talking about? Mr. Pink: You said 'True Blue' was about a nice girl, a sensitive girl who meets a nice guy, and that 'Like a Virgin' was a metaphor for big dicks. Mr. Brown: Lemme tell you what 'Like a Virgin' is about. It's all about this cooze who's a regular fuck machine, I'm talking morning, day, night, afternoon, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick. Mr. Blue: How many dicks is that? Mr. White: A lot. Mr. Brown: Then one day she meets this John Holmes motherfucker and it's like, whoa baby, I mean this cat is like Charles Bronson in the 'Great Escape', he's digging tunnels. Now, she's gettin' the serious dick action and she's feeling something she ain't felt since forever. Pain. Pain. Joe: Chew? Toby Chew? Mr. Brown: It hurts her. It shouldn't hurt her, you know, her pussy should be Bubble Yum by now, but when this cat fucks her it hurts. It hurts just like it did the first time. You see the pain is reminding a fuck machine what it once was like to be a virgin. Hence, 'Like a Virgin'. Joe: Wong?

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Blonde: What's this guy's problem? Mr. White: Yeah I got a problem! I got a *big* fuckin' problem. Fuckin' trigger happy madman almost get's me shot! Mr. Pink: What the fuck are you talking about? Mr. White: That fuckin' shooting spree! In the store remember? Mr. Blonde: Oh fuck 'em. They set off the alarm. They deserved what they got. Mr. White: You almost killed me! Asshole! If I knew what kind of a guy you were I never would've agreed to work with you! Mr. Blonde: Are you gonna bark all day little doggie? Or are you gonna bite? Mr. White: What was that? I'm sorry I didn't catch it. Would you repeat it? Mr. Blonde: Are you gonna bark all day little doggie? Or are you gonna bite? [Mr. White lunges for Mr. Blonde who fights back. Mr. Pink steps in between them] Mr. Pink: You two assholes, calm the fuck down! Hey, come on! What are we on a playground here? Am I the only professional? You're actin' like a bunch of fuckin' niggers man. Did you ever work with niggers? Just like you two always saying they're gonna kill each other! Mr. White: You said yourself you thought about takin' him out! Mr. Blonde: You fuckin' said that? Mr. Pink: Yeah, I did, okay? But that was then! Right now this guy is the only I completely trust. He's too fuckin' homicidal to be workin' with the cops. Mr. White: You takin' his side? Mr. Pink: Fuck sides man what we need here is a little solidarity! Somebody's stickin' a red hot poker up our asses and I wanna know who's name's on the handle. Fuck. Look I know I'm no peice of shit. [He turns to Mr. White] Mr. Pink: And I'm pretty sure you're okay. [He turns to Mr. Blonde] Mr. Pink: And I'm fuckin' positive you're on the level. So let's just try and figure out who the bad guy is, all right?

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. White: If you shoot this man, you die next. Repeat. If you shoot this man, you die next.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Nice Guy Eddie: We got places all over the place.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Nice Guy Eddie: [to Mr. White] Larry, stop pointin' that fuckin' gun at my Dad!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: [walks in] Was that a fucking set up or what? Mr. Orange: Fucking right. [sees a bloodied Mr. Orange lying on the floor] Mr. Pink: Shit! Orange got tagged? Mr. White: Gut shot. Mr. Pink: Fuck! Where's, uh, Brown? Mr. White: Dead. Mr. Pink: How'd he die? Mr. White: How the fuck do you think? The cops shot him. Mr. Pink: This is bad. This is so fucking bad. Is it bad? Mr. White: As opposed to good? Mr. Pink: Man, this is fucked up. This is so fucked up. Somebody fucked us up big time, man. Mr. White: You really think we were set up? Mr. Pink: Do you even doubt it, man? I don't THINK we got set up, I KNOW we got set up! I mean, really, seriously, where did all those cops come from, huh? One minute they're not there, the next minute they're there? I didn't hear any sirens. The alarm went off, okay. When an alarm goes off, you got an average of four minutes response time. Unless a patrol car is cruising that street, at that particular moment, you got four minutes before they can realistically respond. In one minute there were seventeen blue boys out there. All loaded for bear, all knowing exactly what the fuck they were doing, and they were all just there! Remember that second wave that showed up in the cars? Okay, those were the ones responding to the alarm, but those first motherfuckers, I'm telling you man, they were there and they were waiting for us. Haven't you fucking thought about this?

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [the shot Mr. Orange knows some things about Mr. White] Mr. White: Well, he knows a little about me. Mr. Pink: What? W-Wait. You didn't tell him your name, did you? Mr. White: I told him my first name, and where I was from. Mr. Pink: Why? Mr. White: I told him where I was from a few days ago. It was just a natural conversation. Mr. Pink: And what was tellin' him your name when you weren't supposed to? Mr. White: He asked. [pause] Mr. White: We had just gotten away from the cops. He just got shot. It was my fault he got shot. He's a fuckin' bloody mess - he's screaming. I swear to god, I thought he was gonna die right then and there. I'm tryin' to comfort him, telling him not to worry, everything's gonna be okay, I'm gonna take care of him. And he asked me what my name was. I mean, the man was dyin' in my arms. What the fuck was I supposed to do? Tell him: "Sorry, I can't give out that fuckin' information! It's against the rules! I don't trust you enough!"? Or maybe I should've, but I couldn't! Fuck you and fuck Joe! Mr. Pink: [sarcastically] Oh, I'm sure it was a beautiful scene between you... Mr. White: DON'T FUCKING PATRONIZE ME!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Orange: What happens if the manager won't give you the diamonds? Mr. White: When you're dealing with a store like this, they're insured up the ass. They're not supposed to give you any resistance whatsoever. If you get a customer, or an employee, who thinks he's Charles Bronson, take the butt of your gun and smash their nose in. Everybody jumps. He falls down screaming, blood squirts out of his nose, nobody says fucking shit after that. You might get some bitch talk shit to you, but give her a look like you're gonna smash her in the face next, watch her shut the fuck up. Now if it's a manager, that's a different story. Managers know better than to fuck around, so if you get one that's giving you static, he probably thinks he's a real cowboy, so you gotta break that son of a bitch in two. If you wanna know something and he won't tell you, cut off one of his fingers. The little one. Then tell him his thumb's next. After that he'll tell you if he wears ladies underwear. I'm hungry. Let's get a taco.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Nice Guy Eddie: Let me say this out loud, 'cause I wanna get it straight in my head. You're saying that Mr. Blonde was gonna kill you, then when we got back, he was going kill us, take the satchel of diamonds, and scram. I'm right about that, right? That's correct? That's your story? Mr. Orange: [weakly] I swear on my mother's eternal soul that's what happened. Nice Guy Eddie: The man... Mr. Blonde... . who you just killed was just released from prison. Four years ago, he got caught at a company warehouse full of hot items. He could've fuckin' walked. All he had to do was say my dad's name, but he didn't; he kept his fucking mouth shut. And did his fuckin' time, and he did it like a man. He did four years for us. Four years. So, Mr. Orange... you're tellin' me this very good friend of mine, who did four years for my father, who in four years never made a deal, no matter what they dangled in front of him... you're telling me that now, that now this man is free, and we're making good on our commitment to him, he's just gonna decide... out of the fucking blue... to rip us off? Why don't you tell me what really happened? Joe: [walks in] What the hell for? It'd just be more bullshit.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. White: How do you know all this? Joe: He was the only one that I wasn't 100% sure on. I should have my fuckin' head examined for going on a plan like this when I wasn't a hundred percent! Mr. White: [shouting] That's your proof? Joe: You don't need proof when you have instinct!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: [about Mr. Blonde] He seems okay now, but he was crazy in the store. Mr. White: This is what he was doing... [mimics randomly shooting innocent bystanders] Mr. White: Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Mr. Blonde: Yeah, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam. I told 'em not to touch the alarm... but they touched it. If they hadn't done what I told 'em not to do, they'd still be alive. Mr. White: [clapping] My fucking hero. Mr. Blonde: [taking a bow] Thanks. Mr. White: That's your excuse for going on a kill-crazy rampage? Mr. Blonde: I don't like alarms, Mr. White.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [rubbing his thumb and forefinger together] Mr. Pink: Do you know what this is? It's the world's smallest violin playing just for the waitresses.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Nice Guy Eddie: Alright, first things fuckin' last! Who's got the stones?

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: We were set up. The cops were waiting for us. Nice Guy Eddie: What? Nobody set anybody up. Mr. Pink: The cops were there waiting for us! Nice Guy Eddie: Bull shit! Mr. Pink: Hey, fuck you, man! You weren't there... we were! And I'm tellin' ya, the cops had that store staked out. Nice Guy Eddie: Okay, Mr. Fucking Detective! You're so fucking smart. Who did it? Who set us up? Mr. Pink: What the fuck do ya think we've been askin' each other? Nice Guy Eddie: And what are your answers? Was it me? You think I set you up? Mr. Pink: I don't know, but somebody did! Nice Guy Eddie: Nobody did! You assholes turn the jewelry store into a wild west show, and you wonder why the cops show up?

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Marvin: I already told you I don't know anything about any fucking setup; you can torture me all you want. Mr. Blonde: Torture you? That's a good idea. I like that.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Nice Guy Eddie: If you fucking beat this prick long enough, he'll tell you he started the goddamn Chicago fire, now that don't necessarily make it fucking so!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Freddy Newandyke: I gotta memorize all this? There's over four fucking pages of this shit!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: You're acting like a first year fucking thief! I'm acting like a professional!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ K-Billy DJ: That was The Partridge Family's "Doesn't Somebody Want to be Wanted?", followed by Edison Lighthouse's "Love Grows where my Rosemary Goes" as K-Billy's Super Sounds of the 70's weekend just keeps on... truckin'.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Orange: [telling the Commode Story] This is a very weird situation. 'Cause I don't know if you remember back in '86 there was a major fucking drought. Nobody had anything. People were living on resin... smoking the wood in their pipes for months. This chick had a bunch. And she's begging me to sell it. So I told her I wasn't going to be Joe the potman anymore, but I would take a little bit and sell it to my close, close, close friends. She agreed to that, said we'd keep the same arrangement as before; 10%, free pot for me, as long as I helped her out that weekend. She had a brick of weed she was selling, she didn't want to go to the buy alone. Her brother usually goes with her, but he's in county unexpectedly. Mr. White: What for? Mr. Orange: His traffic tickets. Got a warrant. They stopped him for something, found warrants on him, took him to county. Now she doesn't walk around alone with all that weed. I don't want to do this. I have a very bad feeling about it. But she keeps asking me, keeps asking me, keeps asking me, finally I said OK 'cause I'm sick of hearing it. Now, we're picking the guy up at the train station... Nice Guy Eddie: Wait a minute. You go to the train station to pick up the buyer with the weed on you? Mr. Orange: The guy needed it right away. Don't ask me why. Anyway, we're get to the station and we're waiting for the guy. I'm carrying the weed in one of those little carry-on bags. I got to take a piss. So I tell the connection I'll be right back, I'm going to the boys' room. So I walk in the mens' room, and who's standing there? Four Los Angeles county sheriffs and a German shepherd. Nice Guy Eddie: They're waiting for you? Mr. Orange: No, they're just a bunch of cops hanging out in the men's room, talking. When I walked through the door, they all stopped what they were talking about and they looked at me. Mr. White: [laughs] That's hard, man. That's a fucking hard situation. Mr. Orange: German shepherd starts barking. He's barking at me. I mean, it's obvious. He's barking at me. Every nerve-ending, all my senses, blood in my veins, everything I have is screaming, "Take off, man! Just bail, just get the fuck out of there!" Panic hits me like a bucket of water. First there's the shock of it... -BAM!... -right in the face. I'm standing there drenched in panic. All these sheriffs looking at me, and they know, man. They can smell it. Sure as that fucking dog can, they can smell it on me.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Joe: All right ramblers, let's get rambling!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [Nice Guy Eddie asks if anyone knows what happened to Mr. Blue] Mr. Blonde: Either he's alive or he's dead, or the cops got him... or they don't.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Freddy Newandyke: [reassuring himself in the mirror] Don't pussy out on me now. They don't know. They don't know shit. You're not gonna get hurt. You're fucking Barretta. They believe every fucking word 'cause you're super cool.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Joe: Now listen up, Mr. Pink. There's two ways we can do this job. My way... or the highway!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Nice Guy Eddie: Daddy, did you see that? Joe: What? Nice Guy Eddie: Guy got me on the ground, he tried to fuck me. Mr. Blonde: You wish. Nice Guy Eddie: You sick bastard, Vic. You tried to fuck me in my father's office. Look, Vic. Whatever you wanna do in the privacy of your own home, go to it. But don't try to fuck me. I mean, I don't think of you that way. I like you a lot, buddy, but I don't think of you that way. Mr. Blonde: Listen, if I was a butt cowboy, I wouldn't even throw you to the posse. Nice Guy Eddie: No you wouldn't, you'd keep me for yourself. You know, four years fuckin' punks up the ass, you appreciate a piece of prime rib when you see it.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. White: [fighting over what to do with the dying Mr. Orange] If I have to tell you again to back off, you an' me are gonna go round and round. Mr. Pink: We ain't taking him to a hospital. Mr. White: If we don't, he'll die! Mr. Pink: And I'm very sad about that, but some fellas are lucky, and some ain't. Mr. White: [shoving Mr. Pink] That fuckin' did it! Mr. Pink: Don't you fuckin' touch me, man! Mr. White: [punches Mr. Pink. He falls and Mr. White proceeds to kick him across the floor] You little motherfucker! Mr. Pink: [rolling over and pulling out a gun] You wanna fuck with me? I'll show ya who you're fuckin' with! Mr. White: [aiming his gun at Mr. Pink's face] You wanna shoot me, you little piece of shit? Take a shot! Mr. Pink: Fuck you, White! I didn't create the situation, I'm just dealin' with it! You're acting like a first year fucking theif - I'm acting like a professional! If they get him, they can get you. They get you, they get closer to me, and that can't happen! And you, motherfucker, are lookin' at me like it's MY fault. I didn't tell him my name. I didn't tell him where I was from. I didn't tell him what I knew better than NOT to tell him! Fuck, fifteen minutes ago you almost told me your name! You, buddy, are stuck in a situation YOU created. So, if you wanna throw bad looks somewhere, throw 'em at a mirror!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: Somebody's shoved a red-hot poker up our ass, and I want to know whose name is on the handle!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Freddy Newandyke: Motherfucker, I'm trying to watch 'The Lost Boys'!

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [last lines] Off-Screen Police Officers: Freeze! Drop the fucking gun, buddy. Put the gun down! Don't do it! Drop the gun man! Don't do it! Drop the fucking gun. We're gonna fucking blow you away! [gunshots]

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Freddy Newandyke: [asked by Holdaway to describe Joe Cabot] You remember the 'Fantastic Four'? Holdaway: Yeah, with that invisible bitch, 'Flame On!' and that shit? Freddy Newandyke: The Thing; motherfucker looks like The Thing.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ [Joe pulls out his gun and aims it at Mr. Orange; in response, Mr. White pulls out his gun and aims it at Joe; Eddie pulls out his gun and aims it at Mr. White] Nice Guy Eddie: [quietly] Have you lost your fuckin' mind? Mr. White: [ignores Eddie, his gaze is fixed on Joe] Joe, you're making a terrible mistake. I'm not gonna let you make it. Mr. Pink: Come on, guys! Nobody wants this! We're supposed to be fucking professionals! Nice Guy Eddie: [quietly] Larry, look. It's been quite a long time. A lot of jobs. There's no need for this, man. Let's just put our guns down, and let's settle this with a fuckin' conversation. Mr. White: [still ignores Eddie, his gaze is fixed on Joe] Joe, if you kill that man, you die next. I repeat: if you kill that man, you die next. Nice Guy Eddie: [quietly] Larry, we have been friends, and you respect my dad, and I respect you, but I will put fucking bullets right through your heart. You put that fuckin' gun down, now. Mr. White: [still ignores Eddie, his gaze is fixed on Joe] Goddamn you, Joe. Don't make me do this. Nice Guy Eddie: [losing his nerves, he yells angrily] LARRY, STOP POINTING THAT FUCKIN' GUN AT MY DAD! [Joe shoots Mr. Orange; Mr. White shoots and kills Joe; Eddie shoots Mr. White; Mr. White quickly shoots and kills Eddie, then collapses near Mr. Orange, both of them are injured but still alive. Mr. Pink, who has been hiding under a ramp during the shootout, looks around, walks to Mr. Blonde's body, takes the bag with the loot and exits the warehouse]

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. White: You can't leave this guy with them. Nice Guy Eddie: Why not? Mr. White: Because he's a fucking psycho. And if you think Joe's pissed off, that ain't nothing compared to how pissed off I am at him, for putting me in the same room as that bastard! Mr. Blonde: See what I've been putting up with, Eddie? I fucking walked in here, I told these guys about staying put. Mr. White whips out his gun, he's sticking it in my face, calling me a motherfucker, saying he's gonna blow me away and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: Look, I ordered coffee. Now we've been here a long fucking time and she's only filled my cup three times. When I order coffee, I want it filled *six* times. Mr. Blonde: Six times. Well, what if she's too fucking busy? Mr. Pink: The words "too fucking busy" shouldn't be in a waitress's vocabulary. Nice Guy Eddie: Excuse me, Mr. Pink, but I think the last fucking thing you need is another cup of coffee.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Joe: So, you guys like to tell jokes and giggle and kid around, huh? Gigglin' like a bunch of young broads in a schoolyard. Well, let me tell a joke. Five guys, sittin' in a bullpen, in San Quentin. Wondering how the fuck they got there. "What did we do wrong? What shoulda we done? What didn't we do? It's your fault, my fault, his fault." All that bullshit. Finally someone comes up with the idea, "Wait a minute. While we were planning this caper, all we did was sit around tell fuckin' jokes! Got the message? Fellas, I don't mean to holler at ya. When this caper's over - and I'm sure it's gonna be a successful one - hell, we'll get down to the Hawaiian Islands, I'll roll and laugh with all of you. You'll find me a different character down there. Right now, it's a matter of business.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr White: That girl's ass... Mr. Orange: It's sitting here right on my dick.

§Reservoir Dogs ¤ Mr. Pink: I'm very sorry the government taxes their tips, that's fucked up. That ain't my fault. It would seem to me that waitresses are one of the many groups the government fucks in the ass on a regular basis. Look, if you ask me to sign something that says the government shouldn't do that, I'll sign it, put it to a vote, I'll vote for it, but what I won't do is play ball. And as for this non-college bullshit I got two words for that: learn to fuckin' type, 'cause if you're expecting me to help out with the rent you're in for a big fuckin' surprise.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: I can't afford to hate people. I don't have that kind of time.

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: How tragic that man can never realize how beautiful life is until he is face to face with death.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: [singing] Life is brief / Fall in love, maiden / Before the crimson bloom / Fades from your lips / Before the tides of passion / Cool within you / For those of you / Who know no tomorrow...

§Ikiru ¤ Toyo: [telling joke] "You've never had a day off, have you?" "No." "Why? Are you indispensable?" "No. I don't want them to find out they can do without me."

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: How beautiful! Truly beautiful. A sunset. I don't think I've really looked at one in 30 years.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: I don't know what I've been doing with my life all these years.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: ...I did it all for my son's sake. But as it turned out, my son doesn't seem to give a whit. Toyo: But you can't blame it all on your son... Not unless he asked you to make a mummy of yourself. My mom gives me the same kind of line sometimes. "The things I've suffered for you." And I'm grateful she had me. But it's not my fault I was born...

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: Come on. Let's go reclaim the life you've wasted. Tonight it will be my pleasure to act as your Mephistopheles, but a beneficent one who won't ask for your soul.

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: Misfortune teaches us the truth. Your cancer has opened your eyes to your own life. People are fickle and shallow. We only realize how beautiful life is when we face death. And even then, few of us realize it. The worst among us know nothing of life until they die.

§Ikiru ¤ Toyo: What help am I? Kanji: You - just to look at you makes me feel better. It warms this - this mummy's heart of mine. And you're so kind to me. No; that's not it. You're so young, so healthy. No; that's not it either... You're so full of life. And me... I'm jealous of that. If I could be like you for just one day before I died. I won't be able to die unless I can do that. I want to do *something*. Only you can show me. I don't know what to do. I don't know how. Maybe you don't know either, but, please... if you can... show me how to be like you!

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: Dying is very difficult.

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: Drinking when you have stomach cancer is suicide. Kanji: The thing is - I can't go through with it. "Go ahead and kill yourself," I think. And yet - I just can't do it. I mean - I can't bring myself to make it final.

§Ikiru ¤ Narrator: The best way to protect your place in this world is to do nothing at all. But is this enough? Is this really enough?

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: Ecce homo. "Behold the man." This man bears a cross called cancer. He's Christ. If you were diagnosed with cancer, you'd start dying right away. But not this fellow. That's when he started living.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: Drinking this expensive sake is like paying myself back with poison for the way I lived all these years.

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: It's fascinating. I realize it's rude to call you fascinating, but you're an extremely rare individual. I'm just a slacker who writes second-rate fiction. You've really started me thinking. They say there's something noble about suffering and it's true.

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: You're amazing! Rebelling against your past self at this age! That rebellious spirit moves me. You were a slave to your own life. Now you'll become its master. It's our human duty to enjoy life. Wasting it is desecrating God's great gift.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: All these 30 years - what have I been doing there? I can't remember no matter how I try. All I remember - is just being busy - and even then I was bored.

§Ikiru ¤ Toyo: Why did you buy them for me? Kanji: Well, yours had holes in them. Toyo: Do holes in my stockings make your feet cold? Kanji: Don't get me wrong... Toyo: I was just kidding. I know you did it out of kindness, but I feel awkward at times like this. That's why I made a bad joke. Forgive me.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: Why are you quitting? Toyo: I'm bored. It's killing me. Every day is like the one before. Nothing new ever happens. I've put up with it for a year and a half, but the only novel thing that's happened was that you took five days off - and now this new hat of yours. That's it.

§Ikiru ¤ Toyo: All I do is make these little things. [Pulls out a stuffed mechanical bunny] Toyo: Just making these is so much fun. I feel like I'm making friends with every baby in Japan. Why don't you try making something too? Kanji: What could I possibly make at that office. Toyo: Yeah, it's hopeless there. You should quit and go somewhere... Kanji: It's too late - - No - It's not too late. It's not hopeless. Even there, there's something I can do. I just have to find the will.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: Now I remember: I nearly drowned in a pond once when I was a child. I felt exactly the same way then. Everything's going black. I writhe and thrash around, but there's nothing to hold on to - except you. Toyo: What about your son? Kanji: Don't talk to me about him! I have no son. I'm all alone. Toyo: But... Kanji: No, you don't understand! My son is somewhere far away. Just as my mom and pop were when I was drowning in that pond. Remembering it now, it's even more painful than it was then.

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: We have to be greedy for life. They say greed is a vice, but that's outdated. Greed is a virtue, especially greed for enjoying life.

§Ikiru ¤ Narrator: There's nothing left of that will or passion. They've been completely worn down by the minutia of the bureaucratic machine and the meaningless busyness it breeds.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: It's just that I've been such a fool. I'm just so mad at myself. Until a few days ago I had never even bought myself a drink. It's only now that I don't know how much longer I have to live that I've finally begun. Novelist: I understand. I understand. But drinking now is plain crazy. Besides, does it even taste good? Kanji: No, it doesn't. But for a little while I can forget my cancer and all the other painful things.

§Ikiru ¤ Novelist: That's not art. A striptease isn't art. It's too direct. It's more direct than art. That woman's body up there? It's a big juicy steak. It's a glass of gin. It's a hormone extract. Streptomycin. Uranium!

§Ikiru ¤ Doctor: What would you do if you only had six months left to live?

§Ikiru ¤ Kazue Watanabe, Mitsuo's wife: Stop making that face. Enough about your dad. He has his life. We have ours.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: What have I been living for all these years?

§Ikiru ¤ Toyo: After 30 years without an absence, you deserve at least six months off.

§Ikiru ¤ Toyo: I'll cover for you. I'm not like Carp Windsock. Kanji: Carp Windsock? Toyo: Yes, Mr. Sakai is a human carp windsock. His lips are always flapping, but he's just hot air inside. Plus he always acts like such a big shot. He makes 200 yen more a month than I do, so he looks down on me.

§Ikiru ¤ Sub-Section Chief Ono: Sir, I'm not sure that's possible. Kanji: It is if you set your mind to it.

§Ikiru ¤ Mitsuo Watanabe, Kanji's son: That's Dad's mentality. Typical petty bureaucrat.

§Ikiru ¤ Mitsuo Watanabe, Kanji's son: Uncle, he even withdrew 50,000 yen. Kiichi Watanabe, Kanji's Brother: That miser? I wonder if he's got a woman? That would really be something. Tatsu Watanabe, Kiichi's Wife: Now dear. Mitsuo Watanabe, Kanji's son: I'm sure it's not that. Kiichi Watanabe, Kanji's Brother: There's no telling when it comes to love. The ones you least expect are the most susceptible. If you ask me, he's actually a real lecher. A lecher with a solemn veneer. But he's stayed widowed these 20 years for you. It makes sense that he'd eventually snap, right?

§Ikiru ¤ Tatsu Watanabe, Kiichi's Wife: My husband thinks all men are as debauched as he is.

§Ikiru ¤ Kiichi Watanabe, Kanji's Brother: With a young mistress, the hormonal effect can temporarily rejuvenate an old man. Happens all the time.

§Ikiru ¤ Local Citizen: The water gives my child rashes. And it breeds mosquitos. Can't you do something? It would make a great playground if you filled it in.

§Ikiru ¤ Kanji: Tell me, where do they sell women's stockings? Toyo: You want to buy some? Western clothing stores carry them.

§Ikiru ¤ Kazue Watanabe, Mitsuo's wife: It's freezing. Just as bad inside as out. That's why I hate Japanese houses. Mitsuo Watanabe, Kanji's son: It's such a drag coming home to this. I'd like a modern house. Kazue Watanabe, Mitsuo's wife: Honey, a house of our own would cost around 500,000 yen, right? Could we use your dad's retirement bonus as collateral? Mitsuo Watanabe, Kanji's son: It must be worth 700,000 by now, plus a monthly pension of 13,000 yen and another 100,000 in savings. Kazue Watanabe, Mitsuo's wife: But you think he'd agree? Mitsuo Watanabe, Kanji's son: If he doesn't, we'll say we're moving out. That'll clinch it. Even Dad doesn't want to take that much money to the grave.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ [Lawrence has just extinguished a match between his thumb and forefinger. William Potter surreptitiously attempts the same] William Potter: Ooh! It damn well 'urts! T.E. Lawrence: Certainly it hurts. Officer: What's the trick then? T.E. Lawrence: The trick, William Potter, is not minding that it hurts.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Sherif Ali: Truly, for some men nothing is written unless THEY write it.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Mr. Dryden: If we've been telling lies, you've been telling half-lies. A man who tells lies, like me, merely hides the truth. But a man who tells half-lies has forgotten where he put it.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Prince Feisal: No Arab loves the desert. We love water and green trees. There is nothing in the desert and no man needs nothing.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: There may be honor among thieves, but there's none in politicians.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Jackson Bentley: What is it, Major Lawrence, that attracts you personally to the desert? T.E. Lawrence: It's clean.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: I killed two people. One was... yesterday? He was just a boy and I led him into quicksand. The other was... well, before Aqaba. I had to execute him with my pistol, and there was something about it that I didn't like. General Allenby: That's to be expected. T.E. Lawrence: No, something else. General Allenby: Well, then let it be a lesson. T.E. Lawrence: No... something else. General Allenby: What then? T.E. Lawrence: I enjoyed it.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: My friends, we have been foolish. Auda will not come to Aqaba. Not for money... Auda abu Tayi: No. T.E. Lawrence: ...for Feisal... Auda abu Tayi: No! T.E. Lawrence: ...nor to drive away the Turks. He will come... because it is his pleasure. [pause] Auda abu Tayi: Thy mother mated with a scorpion.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Prince Feisal: There's nothing further here for a warrior. We drive bargains. Old men's work. Young men make wars, and the virtues of war are the virtues of young men. Courage and hope for the future. Then old men make the peace. And the vices of peace are the vices of old men. Mistrust and caution. It must be so.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Auda abu Tayi: It is Auda of the Howitat who speaks. Sherif Ali: It is Ali of the Harith who answers. Auda abu Tayi: Harith! Ali, does your father still steal? Sherif Ali: No. Does Auda take me for one of his own bastards? Auda abu Tayi: No, there is no resemblance. Alas, you resemble your father. Sherif Ali: Auda flatters me. Auda abu Tayi: You're easily flattered. I knew your father well. Sherif Ali: Did you know your own?

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Auda abu Tayi: I am Auda abu Tayi! Does Auda serve? Howeitat tribesmen: NO! Auda abu Tayi: Does Auda abu Tayi serve? Howeitat tribesmen: NO! Auda abu Tayi: [to Lawrence] I carry twenty-three great wounds, all got in battle. Seventy-five men have I killed with my own hands in battle. I scatter, I burn my enemies' tents. I take away their flocks and herds. The Turks pay me a golden treasure, yet I am poor! Because *I* am a river to my people!

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Sherif Ali: Have you no fear, English? T.E. Lawrence: My fear is my concern.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Prince Feisal: Gasim's time has come, Lawrence. It is written. T.E. Lawrence: Nothing is written. Sherif Ali: You will not be at Aqaba, English! Go back, blasphemer... but you will not be at Aqaba! T.E. Lawrence: I shall be at Aqaba. That, IS written. [pointing to forehead] T.E. Lawrence: In here.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Club Secretary: I say, Lawrence. You are a clown! T.E. Lawrence: Ah, well, we can't all be lion tamers.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Jackson Bentley: You answered without saying anything. That's politics.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Colonel Brighton: Are you badly hurt? T.E. Lawrence: I'm not hurt at all. Didn't you know? They can only kill me with a golden bullet.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Mr. Dryden: Lawrence, only two kinds of creature get fun in the desert: Bedouins and gods, and you're neither. Take it from me, for ordinary men, it's a burning, fiery furnace. T.E. Lawrence: No, Dryden, it's going to be fun. Mr. Dryden: It is recognized that you have a funny sense of fun.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Prince Feisal: With Major Lawrence, mercy is a passion. With me, it is merely good manners. You may judge which motive is the more reliable.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: So long as the Arabs fight tribe against tribe, so long will they be a little people, a silly people - greedy, barbarous, and cruel, as you are.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ General Murray: I can't make out whether you're bloody bad-mannered or just half-witted. T.E. Lawrence: I have the same problem, sir.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ [asked by reporter if he knew Lawrence] Jackson Bentley: Yes, it was my privilege to know him and to make him known to the world. He was a poet, a scholar and a mighty warrior. [after reporter leaves] Jackson Bentley: He was also the most shameless exhibitionist since Barnum & Bailey.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Auda abu Tayi: [as Lawrence sets out across the desert with Daoud and Faraj] You will cross Sinai? T.E. Lawrence: Moses did! Auda abu Tayi: And you will take the children? T.E. Lawrence: Moses did! Auda abu Tayi: Moses was a prophet and beloved of God!

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Colonel Brighton: Look, sir, we can't just do nothing. General Allenby: Why not? It's usually best.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Sherif Ali: What is your name? T.E. Lawrence: My name is for my friends. None of my friends is a murderer!

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Tafas: [talking of Britain] Is that a desert country? T.E. Lawrence: No: a fat country. Fat people. Tafas: You are not fat? T.E. Lawrence: No. I'm different.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Sherif Ali: I do not understand this. Your father's name is Chapman... T.E. Lawrence: Ali, he didn't marry my mother. Sherif Ali: I see. T.E. Lawrence: I'm sorry. Sherif Ali: It seems to me that you are free to choose your own name, then.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Jackson Bentley: Never saw a man killed with a sword before. T.E. Lawrence: [contemptuously] Why don't you take a picture? Jackson Bentley: Wish I had.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Prince Feisal: You, I suspect, are chief architect of this compromise. What do you think? Mr. Dryden: Me, your Highness? On the whole, I wish I'd stayed in Tunbridge Wells.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: My lord, I think... I think your book is right. 'The desert is an ocean in which no oar is dipped' and on this ocean the Bedu go where they please and strike where they please. This is the way the Bedu have always fought. You're famed throughout the world for fighting in this way and this is the way you should fight now!

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ General Allenby: I thought I was a hard man, sir. Prince Feisal: You are merely a general. I must be a king.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: Michael George Hartley, this is a nasty, dark little room. Hartley: That's right. T.E. Lawrence: We are not happy in it. Hartley: It's better than a nasty, dark little trench. T.E. Lawrence: Then you're an ignoble fellow. Hartley: That's right.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: We do not work this thing for Feisal. Auda abu Tayi: No? For the English, then? T.E. Lawrence: For the Arabs. Auda abu Tayi: The Arabs? The Howitat, Ajili, Rala, Beni Saha; these I know, I have even heard of the Harif, but the Arabs? What tribe is that?

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Mr. Dryden: [to Bentley, on a meeting between Lawrence and Allenby] Well, I'll tell you. It's a little clash of temperament that's going on in there. Inevitably, one of them's half-mad - and the other, wholly unscrupulous.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Jackson Bentley: [on his interest in Lawrence and the Arab Revolt] I'm looking for a hero. Prince Feisal: Indeed? You do not seem a romantic man. Jackson Bentley: Oh, no! But certain influential men back home believe that the time has come for America to lend her weight to the patriotic struggle against Germany... and Turkey. Now, I've been sent to find material which will show our people that this war is... Prince Feisal: Enjoyable? Jackson Bentley: Oh, hardly THAT, sir. But to show it in its more... adventurous aspects. Prince Feisal: You are looking for a figure who will draw your country towards war? Jackson Bentley: All right, yes. Prince Feisal: Aurens is your man.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: No prisoners! No prisoners!

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ General Allenby: You acted without orders, you know. T.E. Lawrence: Shouldn't officers use their initiative at all times? General Allenby: Not really. It's awfully dangerous.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Auda abu Tayi: When Lawrence finds what he's looking for, he will go home. When you find what you are looking for, you will go home. Colonel Brighton: I will not. Auda abu Tayi: Then you are a fool. Be thankful that when God made you a fool, He gave you a fool's face.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ General Allenby: [leafing through Lawrence's dossier] Undisciplined... unpunctual... untidy. Several languages. Knowledge of music... literature... knowledge of... knowledge of... you're an interesting man there's no doubt about it.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Auda abu Tayi: What ails the Englishman? Sherif Ali: The one he killed is the one he brought out of the Nefud. Auda abu Tayi: It was written then. Better to have left him there.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: Where are they now? Mr. Dryden: Anywhere within 300 miles of Medina. They're Hashemite Bedouins. They can cross 60 miles of desert in a day. T.E. Lawrence: Oh,thanks Dryden. This is going to be fun. Mr. Dryden: Lawrence, only two kinds of creature get fun in the desert: Beduins and gods, and you're neither. Take it from me. For ordinary men, it's a burning fiery furnace. T.E. Lawrence: No,Dryden. It's going to be fun. Mr. Dryden: It is recognised that you have a funny sense of fun.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Prince Feisal: Well, General, I will leave you. Major Lawrence doubtless has reports to make upon my people and their weakness, and the need to keep them weak in the British interest... and the French interest too, of course. We must not forget the French now... General Allenby: [indignantly] I've told you, sir, no such treaty exists. Prince Feisal: Yes, General, you have lied most bravely, but not convincingly. I know this treaty does exist. T.E. Lawrence: Treaty, sir? Prince Feisal: He does it better than you, General. But then, of course, he is almost an Arab.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: The Law says the man must die... If he dies, would that content the Howitat? Auda abu Tayi: Yes. T.E. Lawrence: Sherif Ali. If none of lord Auda's men harms any of yours, will that content the Harith? Sherif Ali: Yes. T.E. Lawrence: Then I will execute the Law. I have no tribe and no one is offended.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ General Allenby: I've got orders to obey, thank God. Not like that poor devil. He's riding the whirlwind. Mr. Dryden: Let's hope we're not.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Bartender: [Lawrence enters the British officers' club with a Bedouin companion after capturing Aqaba, both men utterly exhausted and disheveled, and wearing Arab clothing] This is a bar for British officers! T.E. Lawrence: That's all right. We're not particular.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ General Allenby: I believe your name will be a household word when you'll have to go to the War Museum to find who Allenby was. You're the most extraordinary man I've ever met! T.E. Lawrence: Leave me alone! General Allenby: What? T.E. Lawrence: Leave me alone! General Allenby: Well, that's a feeble thing to say. T.E. Lawrence: I know I'm not ordinary. General Allenby: That's not what I'm saying... T.E. Lawrence: All right! I'm extraordinary! What of it?

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Tafas: Here you may drink... [Lawrence nods and takes out his canteen to drink water] Tafas: One cup. [pointing the tincup] T.E. Lawrence: [Lawrence pours in some water] You do not drink? Tafas: No. [Tafas shakes his head like saying no] T.E. Lawrence: I'll drink when you do. Tafas: I am *Bedu*. [Lawrence pours back the water in the tincup to canteen]

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Prince Feisal: The English have a great hunger for desolate places. I fear they hunger for Arabia. T.E. Lawrence: Then you must deny it to them. Prince Feisal: You are an Englishman. Are you not loyal to England? T.E. Lawrence: To England and to other things. Prince Feisal: To England and Arabia both? And is that possible? I think you are another of these desert-loving English.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ Sherif Ali: There is the railway. And that is the desert. From here until we reach the other side, no water but what we carry with us. For the camels, no water at all. If the camels die, we die. And in twenty days they will start to die. T.E. Lawrence: There's no time to waste, then, is there?

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ T.E. Lawrence: I pray that I may never see the desert again. Hear me, God.

§Lawrence of Arabia ¤ General Murray: [on the Arab Revolt] It's a storm in a tea cup, Mr. Dryden - a sideshow. If you want my own opinion, this whole theater of operations is a sideshow! The real war's not being fought against the Turks, but the Germans. And not here, but on the Western front in the trenches! Your Bedouin Army - or whatever it calls itself - would be a sideshow OF a sideshow! Mr. Dryden: Big things have small beginnings, sir. General Murray: Does the Arab Bureau want a "big thing" in Arabia? If we get them to rise against the Turks, does the Bureau think they'll sit down quietly under us when this war's over? Mr. Dryden: The Arab Bureau thinks the job of the moment, sir, is to win the war. General Murray: Don't tell me my duty, Mr. Dryden!

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: The mirror... it's broken. Fran Kubelik: Yes, I know. I like it that way. Makes me look the way I feel.

§The Apartment ¤ [last lines] C.C. Baxter: You hear what I said, Miss Kubelik? I absolutely adore you. Fran Kubelik: Shut up and deal...

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: That's the way it crumbles... cookie-wise.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: When you're in love with a married man, you shouldn't wear mascara.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: Sorry, Mr. Sheldrake. J.D. Sheldrake: What do you mean, sorry? C.C. Baxter: You're not going to bring anybody to my apartment. J.D. Sheldrake: I'm not just bringing anybody; I'm bringing Miss Kubelik. C.C. Baxter: Especially not Miss Kubelik. J.D. Sheldrake: How's that again? C.C. Baxter: [firmly] No key. J.D. Sheldrake: Baxter, I picked you for my team because I thought you were a very bright young man. Do you realize what you're doing? Not to me, but to yourself? Normally, it takes years to work your way up to the twenty-seventh floor. But it only takes thirty seconds to be out on the street again. You dig? C.C. Baxter: I dig. J.D. Sheldrake: So what's it going to be? [Baxter slowly reaches into his pocket for a key and drops it on Sheldrake's desk] J.D. Sheldrake: Now you're being bright. C.C. Baxter: Thank you, sir. [Baxter goes back into his office, looks around, then reaches into his closet for his coat and hat. Sheldrake comes in moments later] J.D. Sheldrake: Say, Baxter, you gave me the wrong key. C.C. Baxter: No, I didn't. J.D. Sheldrake: But this is the key to the executive washroom. C.C. Baxter: That's right, Mr. Sheldrake. I won't be needing it because I'm all washed up around here. J.D. Sheldrake: What's gotten into you, Baxter? C.C. Baxter: Just following doctor's orders. I've decided to become a "mensch". You know what that means? A human being. J.D. Sheldrake: Now, hold on, Baxter... C.C. Baxter: Save it. The old payola won't work anymore. Goodbye, Mr. Sheldrake.

§The Apartment ¤ Margie MacDougall: Night like this, it sorta spooks you, walking into an empty apartment. C.C. Baxter: I said I had no family. I didn't say I had an empty apartment.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: Ya know, I used to live like Robinson Crusoe; I mean, shipwrecked among 8 million people. And then one day I saw a footprint in the sand, and there you were.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: He's a taker. C.C. Baxter: A what? Fran Kubelik: Some people take, some people get took. And they know they're getting took and there's nothing they can do about it.

§The Apartment ¤ J.D. Sheldrake: Ya know, you see a girl a couple of times a week, just for laughs, and right away they think you're gonna divorce your wife. Now I ask you, is that fair? C.C. Baxter: No, sir, it's very unfair... Especially to your wife.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: I know how you feel, Miss Kubelik. You think it's the end of the world - but it's not, really. I went through exactly the same thing myself. Fran Kubelik: You did? C.C. Baxter: Well, maybe not exactly - I tried to do it with a gun. Fran Kubelik: Over a girl? C.C. Baxter: Worse than that - She was the wife of my best friend. And I was mad for her, but I knew it was hopeless. So I decided to end it all. I went to a pawnshop and bought a forty-five automatic and drove up to Eden Park. Do you know Cincinnati? Fran Kubelik: No, I don't. C.C. Baxter: Anyway, I parked the car and loaded the gun... Well, you read in the papers all the time that people shoot themselves, but believe me, it's not that easy. I mean, how do you do it? [cocks his finger, and points to his temple] C.C. Baxter: Here? [points to his mouth] C.C. Baxter: Or here? [points to his chest] C.C. Baxter: Or here? You know where I finally shot myself? Fran Kubelik: Where? C.C. Baxter: [indicating kneecap] Here. Fran Kubelik: In the knee? C.C. Baxter: Uh-huh. While I was sitting there, trying to make my mind up, a cop stuck his head in the car, because I was illegally parked. So I started to hide the gun under the seat and it went off - pow! Fran Kubelik: [laughing] That's terrible. C.C. Baxter: Yeah. Took me a year before I could bend my knee - but I got over the girl in three weeks. She still lives in Cincinnati, has four kids, gained twenty pounds. She sends me a fruit cake every Christmas.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: Why do people have to love people anyway?

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: Would you mind opening the window? C.C. Baxter: Now don't go getting any ideas, Miss Kubelik. Fran Kubelik: I just want some fresh air. C.C. Baxter: It's only one story down. The best you can do is break a leg. Fran Kubelik: So they'll shoot me - like a horse. C.C. Baxter: Please, Miss Kubelik, you got to promise me you won't do anything foolish. Fran Kubelik: Who'd care? C.C. Baxter: I would. Fran Kubelik: Why can't I ever fall in love with someone nice like you?

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: I never catch colds. C.C. Baxter: Really? I was reading some figures from the Sickness and Accident Claims Division. You know that the average New Yorker between the ages of twenty and fifty has two and a half colds a year? Fran Kubelik: That makes me feel just terrible. C.C. Baxter: Why? Fran Kubelik: Well, to make the figures come out even, if I have no colds a year, some poor slob must have five colds a year. C.C. Baxter: [sheepishly] Yeah... it's me.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: Miss Kubelik, one doesn't get to be a second administrative assistant around here unless he's a pretty good judge of character, and as far as I'm concerned you're tops. I mean, decency-wise and otherwise-wise.

§The Apartment ¤ Margie MacDougall: Where will we go, my place or yours? C.C. Baxter: [pauses to look at his watch] Might as well go to mine. Everybody else does.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: Just because I wear a uniform doesn't make me a girl scout.

§The Apartment ¤ Dr. Dreyfuss: [entering his apartment, he suddenly hears loud music starting from next door] Mildred! He's at it again.

§The Apartment ¤ [first lines] C.C. Baxter: [narrating] On November 1st, 1959, the population of New York City was 8,042,783. If you laid all these people end to end, figuring an average height of five feet six and a half inches, they would reach from Times Square to the outskirts of Karachi, Pakistan. I know facts like this because I work for an insurance company - Consolidated Life of New York. We're one of the top five companies in the country. Our home office has 31,259 employees, which is more than the entire population of uhh... Natchez, Mississippi. I work on the 19th floor. Ordinary Policy Department, Premium Accounting Division, Section W, desk number 861.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only fair to warn you that you are now alone with a notorious sexpot. Margie MacDougall: No kidding.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: I'd like to spell it out for you... only I can't spell!

§The Apartment ¤ Dr. Dreyfuss: I don't know what you did to that girl in there - and don't tell me - but it was bound to happen, the way you carry on. Live now, pay later. Diner's Club! Why don't you grow up, Baxter? Be a mensch! You know what that means? C.C. Baxter: I'm not sure. Dr. Dreyfuss: A mensch - a human being! So you got off easy this time. so you were lucky. C.C. Baxter: Yeah, wasn't I?

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: What's a tennis racket doing in the kitchen? C.C. Baxter: Tennis racket? Oh, I remember, I was cooking myself an Italian dinner. [Fran looks confused] C.C. Baxter: I use it to strain the spaghetti.

§The Apartment ¤ Sylvia: You mean you bring other girls up here? Kirkeby: Certainly not! I'm a happily married man.

§The Apartment ¤ Kirkeby: Say, why don't we have ourselves a party, the four of us? C.C. Baxter: No. [Kirkeby suddenly sees Fran sleeping in the bedroom] Kirkeby: [laughs] Well, I don't blame ya. So you hit the jackpot, eh kid? I mean Kubelik-wise. [Baxter pushes Kirkeby out the door] Kirkeby: Now don't worry, I won't say a word to anybody. [with the door almost shut, Kirkeby pushes in one last time] Kirkeby: Stay with it, buddy boy.

§The Apartment ¤ Margie MacDougall: 'Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring... nothin'... no action... dullsville!

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: I was jinxed from the word go. The first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: You fool. You damn fool.

§The Apartment ¤ Mrs. Lieberman: Good evening Mr. Baxter. C.C. Baxter: Evening, Mrs. Lieberman. Mrs. Lieberman: Some weather we're having. C.C. Baxter: Yeah. Mrs. Lieberman: Must be from all that mishegaas at Cape Canaveral.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: Shall I light the candles? C.C. Baxter: It's a must! Gracious living-wise.

§The Apartment ¤ Kirkeby: Premium-wise and billing-wise, we are eighteen percent ahead of last year, October-wise.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: It's a wonderful thing, dinner for two.

§The Apartment ¤ J.D. Sheldrake: Oh, I have a present for you. I didn't quite know what to get you. Besides, it's kind of awkward for me shopping, so here's a hundred dollars. You go and buy yourself something.

§The Apartment ¤ Margie MacDougall: You married? C.C. Baxter: Nope. Margie MacDougall: Family? C.C. Baxter: Nope. Margie MacDougall: Night like this, sorta spooks you walking home to an empty apartment. C.C. Baxter: I said I had no family, I didn't say I had an empty apartment.

§The Apartment ¤ Dr. Dreyfuss: Nice veins.

§The Apartment ¤ Charlie - Bartender: O. U. T.! Out!

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: It's a wonderful thing, dinner for two. Fran Kubelik: Do you usually eat alone? C.C. Baxter: Oh no. Sometimes I have dinner with Ed Sullivan. Sometimes Dinah Shore, or Perry Como. The other night I had dinner with Mae West. Of course she was much younger then.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: [Baxter is straining spaghetti with a tennis racket] Say, you're pretty good with that racket. C.C. Baxter: You should see my backhand. Wait'll you see me serve the meatballs.

§The Apartment ¤ Fran Kubelik: What do you call it when somebody keeps getting smashed up in automobile accidents? C.C. Baxter: Bad insurance risk? Fran Kubelik: That's me with men.

§The Apartment ¤ J.D. Sheldrake: I've missed you. Fran Kubelik: Like old times. Same booth, same song... J.D. Sheldrake: It's been hell. Fran Kubelik: Same sauce: sweet and sour.

§The Apartment ¤ J.D. Sheldrake: Sorry it took me so long on the phone. But we're all set. Fran Kubelik: All set for what? J.D. Sheldrake: I rented a car. It's going to be here at one o'clock. We're driving to Atlantic City. Fran Kubelik: Atlantic City? J.D. Sheldrake: I know it's a drag. But you can't find a hotel room in town, not on New Year's Eve Fran Kubelik: Ring out the old year, ring in the new. Ring-a-ding-ding. J.D. Sheldrake: I didn't plan it this way, Fran. Actually, it's all Baxter's fault. Fran Kubelik: Baxter? J.D. Sheldrake: He wouldn't give me the key to the apartment. Fran Kubelik: He wouldn't? J.D. Sheldrake: Just walked out on me. Quit. Threw that big fat job right in my face. Fran Kubelik: [With a faint smile] The nerve. J.D. Sheldrake: That little punk, after all I did for him! He said I couldn't bring anybody to his apartment, especially not Miss Kubelik. What's he got against you, anyway? Fran Kubelik: I don't know. I guess that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise. J.D. Sheldrake: [as the piano player starts playing Auld Lang Syne, he kisses Fran, but Fran is preoccupied] Happy New Year, Fran! J.D. Sheldrake: [He turns away for a moment then looks back. Fran is gone, and is running to Baxter's apartment] Fran? Where are you, Fran?

§The Apartment ¤ Sheldrake's Wife: What is it, Jeff? Who's on the phone? J.D. Sheldrake: One of our employees had an accident. I don't know why they bother me with these things on Christmas day.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: [Opens his bedroom door, tosses a pair of gloves in, and is about to step out, but he has seen Fran lying on the bed] All right, Miss Kubelik, get up. [No response from the unconscious Fran] C.C. Baxter: It's past checking-out time. The management would greatly appreciate it if you would get the hell out of here! [Still no response] C.C. Baxter: I used to like you. I used to like you a lot. But it's all over between us. So beat it! [No responss] C.C. Baxter: O-U-T, out! [No response] C.C. Baxter: C'mon, wake up! [Tries to drag her out, and she falls limp. Then he catches sight of the bottle of sleeping pills] C.C. Baxter: Oh, my God...!

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: [laughing sarcastically to himself] "Looks like Marilyn Monroe!"

§The Apartment ¤ Miss Olsen: Did you have a nice Christmas? J.D. Sheldrake: Lovely! You were a big help. Miss Olsen: Me? J.D. Sheldrake: Thank you for giving that little pep talk to Miss Kubelik at the office party. Miss Olsen: I'm sorry, Jeff, you know I never could hold my liquor. J.D. Sheldrake: I thought you could hold your tongue! Miss Olsen: It won't happen again. J.D. Sheldrake: You bet it won't. I'll arrange for you to get a month's severance pay. That's right, Miss Olsen, I'm letting you go. Miss Olsen: You let me go 4 years ago, Jeff, only you were cruel enough to make me sit out there and watch all the new models pass by. J.D. Sheldrake: I'd appreciate it if you could be out of here as soon as you can. Miss Olsen: Yes, Mr. Sheldrake.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: [Practicing his speech] Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you. All your troubles are over. I'm going to take Miss Kubelik off your hands. The plain fact is, Mr. Sheldrake, that I love her. I haven't told her yet, but I thought you should be the first to know. After all, you don't really want her, and I do, and although it may sound presumptuous, she needs somebody like me. So I think it would be the thing all around -- solution-wise.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: [Talking to Miss Kubelik in front of the building directory, where his name is being added] For that matter, you were wrong about me, too. What you said about those who take and those who get took? Well, Mr. Sheldrake wasn't using me. I was using him. Last month I was at desk 861 on the 19th floor. Now I'm on the 27th floor, paneled office, three windows, so it all worked out fine. We're both getting what we want.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: [Walking into Sheldrake's office, right after he practiced is speech about taking Miss Kubelik off off Sheldrake's hands] Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you... J.D. Sheldrake: And I've got good news for you, Baxter. All your troubles are over. C.C. Baxter: Sir? J.D. Sheldrake: I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik. Well, stop worrying. I'm going to take her off your hands. C.C. Baxter: You're going to take her off my hands? J.D. Sheldrake: [Indicating suitcases] That's right. I've moved out of my house. I'm going to be staying in town, at the Athletic Club. C.C. Baxter: You left your wife? J.D. Sheldrake: Well, if you must know, I fired my secretary, my secretary got to my wife, and my wife fired me. Ain't that a kick in the head?

§The Apartment ¤ Dr. Dreyfuss: [as Baxter sets down a basket of empty bottles] Say Baxter, the way you're belting that stuff, you must have a pair of cast-iron kidneys. C.C. Baxter: Well, that's not ME. It's just, once in a while I have a few people in for a drink. Dr. Dreyfuss: As a matter of fact, you must be an iron man all around. From what I hear through the walls, you got something going for you every night. C.C. Baxter: Well, I'm sorry if it gets noisy. Dr. Dreyfuss: And sometimes there's a twilight doubleheader. [Clicks his tongue] Dr. Dreyfuss: A nebbish like you. C.C. Baxter: Yeah. Well, I'll see you, Doc. Dr. Dreyfuss: You know, Baxter? I'm doing some research at the Columbia Medical Center. I wonder if you could do us a favor. C.C. Baxter: Me? Dr. Dreyfuss: When you make out your will -- and the way you're going, you should -- would you mind leaving your body to the university? C.C. Baxter: My body? [Snickers] C.C. Baxter: I'm afraid you guys'd be disappointed. Goodnight, Doc. Dr. Dreyfuss: Slow down, kid!

§The Apartment ¤ J.D. Sheldrake: Tell me, Baxter. Have you seen Music Man? C.C. Baxter: Not yet. I hear it's one swell show. J.D. Sheldrake: How would you like to go tonight? C.C. Baxter: You and me? I thought you were taking the branch manager from Kansas City. J.D. Sheldrake: No, I have other plans. You can have both tickets. C.C. Baxter: Well... that's very kind of you. But I'm not feeling well. See, I've got this cold. I'm gonna go right home. J.D. Sheldrake: Baxter, you're not reading me. I told you I have plans. C.C. Baxter: So do I. I'm gonna take four aspirins, get into bed, so you might as well give the tickets to somebody else. J.D. Sheldrake: Look, Baxter. I'm not just giving these tickets. I wanna swap them. C.C. Baxter: Swap 'em? For what? J.D. Sheldrake: It also says here that you are alert, astute and quite imaginative. C.C. Baxter: Oh? Oh... J.D. Sheldrake: That's good thinking, Baxter. There's gonna be a shift in personnel around here next month. And as far as I'm concerned, you are executive material. C.C. Baxter: I am? J.D. Sheldrake: Now put down the key. And put down the address.

§The Apartment ¤ C.C. Baxter: There's a great little band at El Chico, in the Village. It's practically around the corner from where you live. Fran Kubelik: Sounds good. How do you know where I live? C.C. Baxter: Oh, I... even know who you live with. Your sister and brother-in-law. I know when you were born and where. I know all sorts of things about you. Fran Kubelik: How come? C.C. Baxter: A couple of months ago I looked up your card in the group insurance file. I know your height and your weight and your social security number. You had mumps and measles and you had your appendix out. Fran Kubelik: Don't mention the appendix to the fellas in the office. Okay? I wouldn't want 'em to get the wrong idea about how you found out.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: Old age. It's the only disease, Mr. Thompson, that you don't look forward to being cured of.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Jedediah Leland: I can remember everything. That's my curse, young man. It's the greatest curse that's ever been inflicted on the human race: memory.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: A fellow will remember a lot of things you wouldn't think he'd remember. You take me. One day, back in 1896, I was crossing over to Jersey on the ferry, and as we pulled out, there was another ferry pulling in, and on it there was a girl waiting to get off. A white dress she had on. She was carrying a white parasol. I only saw her for one second. She didn't see me at all, but I'll bet a month hasn't gone by since that I haven't thought of that girl.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Susan Alexander Kane: I don't know many people. Kane: I know too many people. I guess we're both lonely.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: I don't think there's one word that can describe a man's life.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: You know, Mr. Thatcher, if I hadn't been very rich, I might have been a really great man. Walter Parks Thatcher: Don't you think you are? Kane: I think I did pretty well under the circumstances. Walter Parks Thatcher: What would you like to have been? Kane: Everything you hate.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Female reporter: If you could've found out what Rosebud meant, I bet that would've explained everything. Jerry Thompson: No, I don't think so; no. Mr. Kane was a man who got everything he wanted and then lost it. Maybe Rosebud was something he couldn't get, or something he lost. Anyway, it wouldn't have explained anything... I don't think any word can explain a man's life. No, I guess Rosebud is just a... piece in a jigsaw puzzle... a missing piece.

§Citizen Kane ¤ [first lines] Kane: [just as he dies] Rosebud...

§Citizen Kane ¤ Jedediah Leland: That's all he ever wanted out of life... was love. That's the tragedy of Charles Foster Kane. You see, he just didn't have any to give.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: There's a lot of statues in Europe you haven't bought yet. Kane: You can't blame me. They've been making statues for some two thousand years, and I've only been collecting for five.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: [his answer to being blackmailed] There's only one person in the world who's going to decide what I'm going to do and that's me...

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: You're right, I did lose a million dollars last year. I expect to lose a million dollars this year. I expect to lose a million dollars *next* year. You know, Mr. Thatcher, at the rate of a million dollars a year, I'll have to close this place in... sixty years.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Jerry Thompson: He made an awful lot of money. Mr. Bernstein: Well, it's no trick to make a lot of money... if all you want is to make a lot of money.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: Well, I always gagged on that silver spoon.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Jedediah Leland: You don't care about anything except you. You just want to persuade people that you love 'em so much that they ought to love you back. Only you want love on your own terms. Something to be played your way, according to your rules.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: Hello, Jedediah. Jedediah Leland: Hello, Charlie. I didn't know we were speaking... Kane: Sure, we're speaking, Jedediah: you're fired.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Emily Monroe Norton Kane: Really Charles, people will think... Kane: What I tell them to think.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Emily Monroe Norton Kane: He happens to be the president, Charles, not you. Kane: That's a mistake that will be corrected one of these days.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: [on Kane finishing Leland's critical review of Susan's opera singing] Everybody knows that story, Mr. Leland. But why did he do it? How could a man write a notice like that? Jedediah Leland: You just don't know Charlie. He thought that by finishing that notice he could show me he was an honest man. He was always trying to prove something. The whole thing about Susie being an opera singer, that was trying to prove something. You know what the headline was the day before the election, "Candidate Kane found in love nest with quote, singer, unquote." He was gonna take the quotes off the singer.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: Mr. Carter, here's a three-column headline in the Chronicle. Why hasn't the Inquirer a three-column headline? Herbert Carter: The news wasn't big enough. Kane: Mr. Carter, if the headline is big enough, it makes the news big enough. Mr. Bernstein: That's right, Mr. Kane.

§Citizen Kane ¤ [Susan is leaving Kane] Kane: [pleading] Don't go, Susan. You mustn't go. You can't do this to me. Susan Alexander Kane: I see. So it's *you* who this is being done to. It's not me at all. Not how I feel. Not what it means to me. [Susan laughs] Susan Alexander Kane: I can't do this to you? [Susan smiles coldly] Susan Alexander Kane: Oh, yes I can.

§Citizen Kane ¤ [last lines] Raymond: [to the cleaning crew who are disposing of Kane's property] Throw that junk in. [one of the men throws said junk, a sled, into the incinerator, the camera zooming in to show the word ROSEBUD emblazoned on it]

§Citizen Kane ¤ Walter Parks Thatcher: You're too old to be calling me Mr. Thatcher, Charles. Kane: You're too old to be called anything else.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: Don't believe everything you hear on the radio.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: [to Thatcher] The trouble is, you don't realize you're talking to two people. As Charles Foster Kane, who has eighty-two thousand six hundred thirty-four shares of Public Transit Preferred. You see, I do have a general idea of my holdings. I sympathize with you. Charles Foster Kane is a scoundrel. His paper should be run out of town. A committee should be formed to boycott him. You may, if you can form such a committee, put me down for a contribution of on thousand dollars. On the other hand, I am the publisher of the Inquirer! As such, it's my duty - and I'll let you in on a little secret, it's also my pleasure - to see to it that decent, hard-working people in this community aren't robbed blind by a pack of money-mad pirates just because - they haven't anybody to look after their interests.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Rawlson: It isn't enough to tell us what a man did. You've got to tell us who he was.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Walter Parks Thatcher: [Quoting from Kane's letter] I think it would be fun to run a newspaper. [Repeats the same line but with more aggravation in his voice] Walter Parks Thatcher: I think it would be fun to run a newspaper. [Looks directly into the camera] Walter Parks Thatcher: Arggh!

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: A toast, Jedediah: to Love on my own terms.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: Are we going to declare war on Spain, or are we not? Jedediah Leland: The Inquirer already has. Kane: [jokingly] You long-faced, overdressed anarchist! Jedediah Leland: I am *not* overdressed! Kane: You are too! Mr. Bernstein, look at his necktie!

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: This gentleman was saying... James W. Gettys: I am not a gentleman. I don't even know what a gentleman is.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: Don't worry about me, Gettys! Don't worry about me! I'm Charles Foster Kane! I'm no cheap, crooked politician, trying to save himself from the consequences of his crimes! [Kane screams louder] Kane: Gettys! I'm going to send you to Sing Sing! Sing Sing, Gettys! Sing Sing!

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: Harvard, Yale, Princeton, Cornell, Switzerland... he was thrown out of a lot of colleges.

§Citizen Kane ¤ James W. Gettys: You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane. If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you. Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: The news goes on for twenty-four hours a day.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Jedediah Leland: [about Kane's "Declaration of Principles"] I'd like to keep that particular piece of paper myself. I have a hunch it might turn out to be something pretty important. A document... Mr. Bernstein: Sure! Jedediah Leland: ...like the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution and my first report card at school.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: President's niece, huh? Before Mr. Kane's through with her, she'll be a president's wife.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Interviewer in 1935 Newsreel: Mr. Kane, how did you find business conditions in Europe? Kane: How did I find business conditions in Europe? With great difficulty.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: Read the cable. Mr. Bernstein: "Girls delightful in Cuba. Stop. Could send you prose poems about scenery, but don't feel right spending your money. Stop. There is no war in Cuba, signed Wheeler." Any answer? Kane: Yes. "Dear Wheeler: you provide the prose poems. I'll provide the war."

§Citizen Kane ¤ Susan Alexander Kane: Forty-nine thousand acres of nothing but scenery and statues. I'm lonesome.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: You can't buy a bag of peanuts in this town without someone writing a song about you.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: Isn't it wonderful? Such a party. Jedediah Leland: Yeah. Mr. Bernstein: What's the matter? Jedediah Leland: Bernstein, these men who are now with the Inquirer, who were with the Chronicle until yesterday... [Jedediah pauses] Jedediah Leland: Bernstein, Bernstein, these men who were with the Chronicle, weren't they just as devoted to the Chronicle policies as they are now to our policies? Mr. Bernstein: Sure they are just like anybody else. They got work to do, they do it. Only they happen to be the best men in the business. Jedediah Leland: Do we stand for the same things the Chronicle stands for, Mr. Bernstein? Mr. Bernstein: Certainly not. Listen, Mr. Kane will change them to his kind of newspapermen in a week. Jedediah Leland: There's always a chance, of course, that they will change Mr. Kane without his knowing it.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane's Father: I'm sorry Mr Thatcher. What that kid needs is a good thrashing! Mary Kane: That's what you think, is it Jim? Kane's Father: Yes! Mary Kane: That's why he's going to be brought up where you can't get at him.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: I run a couple of newspapers. What do you do?

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane - Age Eight: [talking about his just built snowman] Maybe I'll make some teeth and whiskers...

§Citizen Kane ¤ Susan Alexander Kane: Love! You don't love anybody! Me or anybody else! You want to be loved - that's all you want! I'm Charles Foster Kane. Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me! Don't expect me to love you!

§Citizen Kane ¤ Newsreel Narrator: [at beginning of news reel on Charles Foster Kane's death] In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure-dome decree.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Kane: I don't know how to run a newspaper, Mr. Thatcher; I just try everything I can think of.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Jedediah Leland: You still eating? Kane: I'm still hungry.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Mr. Bernstein: We never lost as much as we made.

§Citizen Kane ¤ Jedediah Leland: Bernstein, am I a stuffed shirt? Am I a horse-faced hypocrite? Am I a New England school marm? Mr. Bernstein: Yes. If you thought I'd answer you any differently than what Mr. Kane tells you...

§M ¤ Hans Beckert: I can't help what I do! I can't help it, I can't... Criminal: The old story! We never can help it in court! Hans Beckert: What do you know about it? Who are you anyway? Who are you? Criminals? Are you proud of yourselves? Proud of breaking safes or cheating at cards? Things you could just as well keep your fingers off. You wouldn't need to do all that if you'd learn a proper trade or if you'd work. If you weren't a bunch of lazy bastards. But I... I can't help myself! I have no control over this, this evil thing inside of me, the fire, the voices, the torment! Schraenker: Do you mean to say that you have to murder? Hans Beckert: It's there all the time, driving me out to wander the streets, following me, silently, but I can feel it there. It's me, pursuing myself! I want to escape, to escape from myself! But it's impossible. I can't escape, I have to obey it. I have to run, run... endless streets. I want to escape, to get away! And I'm pursued by ghosts. Ghosts of mothers and of those children... they never leave me. They are always there... always, always, always!, except when I do it, when I... Then I can't remember anything. And afterwards I see those posters and read what I've done, and read, and read... did I do that? But I can't remember anything about it! But who will believe me? Who knows what it's like to be me? How I'm forced to act... how I must, must... don't want to, must! Don't want to, but must! And then a voice screams! I can't bear to hear it! I can't go on! I can't... I can't...

§M ¤ Judge: [last lines, about to pronounce sentence] In the name of the people... Grieving Mother: This won't bring back our children. One needs to... keep closer watch... over our children... all of you!

§M ¤ Pickpocket with 6 Watches: There are more policemen on the street tonight than whores.

§M ¤ Elisabeth Winkler, Beckert's landlady: Could you speak louder please, I'm a bit hard of hearing. Policeman: As if I couldn't tell.

§M ¤ Girl in Circle at the Beginning: [First lines] Just you wait, it won't be long, The man in black will soon be here, With his cleaver's blade so true, He'll make mincemeat out of you!

§M ¤ Man in Pub: Hey, it's fatty Lohmann! Everyone in Pub: [Chanting] Lohmann, Lohmann, Lohmann!

§M ¤ Bartender: You're ruining my business, Sarge. These raids every night. No one can get a moment's peace! They're human beings, too. Police Sargeant: You think we stay up all night just for the hell of it? Bartender: No. But you're drivin' away my clientele and you won't find the guy you're lookin' for here anyway! If you know how angry they are at the guy who's causing these raids every night. Especially the hookers. Sure, they solicit. Business is business. But believe me, in every one of them beats a mother's heart! I know a lot of tough guys who get all teary eyed just seein' the little ones at play. If they ever get their hands on that monster, they'll make toothpicks out of him!

§M ¤ Hans Beckert: That is a nice ball you have.

§M ¤ Frau Beckmann: Elsie?... Elsie?... ELSIE!

§M ¤ Schraenker: An outsider is ruining our business and our reputation. Measures taken by the police and the daily raids to catch this child murderer are hampering our activities to an almost unbearable degree. We can no longer tolerate the fact that we're not safe now in any hotel, bar, cafe or even private home from the clutches of the police. Criminal Syndicate Member: Very true. Schraenker: This state of affairs must end. Things must return to normal or we'll go under. Our coffers will soon be depleted. If we can't get funds to support the wives of these members who currently enjoy room and board at state expense, I don't know where we'll find the money to carry out our plans. Our reputation is suffering as well. The police seek the murderer in our fold. Gentlemen, when I run head on into an officer from the squad, he knows the potential risks, and so do I. If either dies in the line of duty, fine. Occupational hazard. But we must draw a firm line between ourselves and this man they're looking for! We conduct our business in order to survive, but this monster has no right to survive! No, in my condition, I can't eat anything like that. Without money or compassion! Gentlemen, our members must be able to go about their business again without frantic cops in their way at every turn.

§M ¤ [to union member asleep next to him] Beggar's Union Member: Stop snoring! You'll wake up the lice.

§M ¤ Inspector Karl Lohmann: In the name of the law.

§M ¤ Prostitute: Let me go, you dirty bastard! Let me go, you son of a bitch! Goddamn bastard! Put me down! Let me go!

§M ¤ Franz, the burglar: [Franz is being tricked into thinking he killed the night watchman, and is going to jail for it] Please, Herr Kommissar! I'll tell you everything; even who we were looking for in that damned building. Inspector Groeber: Really. Who? Franz, the burglar: The child murderer, Herr Kommissar!

§M ¤ Woman in Crowd: Shoot him like a mad dog!

§M ¤ Graphologist: The aforementioned diamond-shaped and swelling swoops, clearly seen in the word 'soon,' third line from the bottom... attest to the strongly pathological sexuality of the sex offender. Period.

§M ¤ Inspector Karl Lohmann: Good God! The window sill!

§M ¤ Pickpocket with 6 Watches: The cops are crawling the streets like ants again. Pickpocket with Suitcase: Green coats wherever you spit. Pickpocket with 6 Watches: They're on your back even if you're with a broad. They've gone nuts - got this murderer on the brain. My old lady has a little six year old girl and every night I have to check under the bed to see if the murderer's hiding there. You can't do business anymore for tripping over cops everywhere. There's no privacy anymore. I'm fed up with it. Pickpocket with Cards: What else is new?

§North by Northwest ¤ [Thornhill is wearing sunglasses to hide his identity] Ticket Seller: Something wrong with your eyes? Roger Thornhill: Yes, they're sensitive to questions.

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: [Hanging by their fingers from Mount Rushmore] What happened with your first two marriages? Roger Thornhill: My wives divorced me. Eve Kendall: Why? Roger Thornhill: They said I led too dull a life.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: Now you listen to me, I'm an advertising man, not a red herring. I've got a job, a secretary, a mother, two ex-wives and several bartenders that depend upon me, and I don't intend to disappoint them all by getting myself "slightly" killed.

§North by Northwest ¤ Clara Thornhill: You gentlemen aren't REALLY trying to kill my son, are you?

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: In the world of advertising, there's no such thing as a lie. There's only expedient exaggeration.

§North by Northwest ¤ Man at Prairie Crossing: That's funny, that plane's dustin' crops where there ain't no crops.

§North by Northwest ¤ Phillip Vandamm: That wasn't very sporting, using real bullets.

§North by Northwest ¤ [Escaping captivity, Roger Thornhill slips in through the window of a darkened hospital room. Immediately the light is snapped on. A woman patient sits up in the bed, reaching for her glasses] Hospital Patient: STOP! Roger Thornhill: [stops] Oh. Excuse me. [resumes moving towards the door] Roger Thornhill: [She has put on her glasses and gets a good look at him] Hospital Patient: [plaintively] Stop. [Thornhill pauses, turns briefly to warn her off with a raised finger, then rushes out the door]

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: I don't like the way Teddy Roosevelt is looking at me.

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: I'm a big girl. Roger Thornhill: Yeah, and in all the right places, too.

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: It's going to be a long night. Roger Thornhill: True. Eve Kendall: And I don't particularly like the book I've started. Roger Thornhill: Ah. Eve Kendall: You know what I mean? Roger Thornhill: Ah, let me think. Yes, I know exactly what you mean.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: Then, then your name isn't Kaplan? Man at Prairie Crossing: Can't say it is, 'cause it ain't.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: No. No, Mother, I have not been drinking. No. No. These two men, they poured a whole bottle of bourbon into me. No, they didn't give me a chaser.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: What's wrong with men like me? Eve Kendall: They don't believe in marriage. Roger Thornhill: I've been married twice. Eve Kendall: See what I mean?

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: I tipped the steward five dollars to seat you here if you should come in. Roger Thornhill: Is that a proposition? Eve Kendall: I never discuss love on an empty stomach. Roger Thornhill: You've already eaten! Eve Kendall: But you haven't.

§North by Northwest ¤ Phillip Vandamm: Mr. Kaplan, you are quite the performer. First you're the outraged Madison Avenue advertising executive who claims that he has been mistaken for someone else. Next, you play the fugitive from justice supposedly trying to clear himself of a crime he knows he didn't commit. And now, you're the jealous lover spurned by love and betrayal. Roger Thornhill: Apparently the only performance that will satisfy you is when I play dead. Phillip Vandamm: Your very next role, and you'll be quite convincing, I assure you.

§North by Northwest ¤ Clara Thornhill: Roger... Pay the two dollars.

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: Roger O. Thornhill. What does the O stand for? Roger Thornhill: Nothing.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: The moment I meet an attractive woman, I have to start pretending I have no desire to make love to her. Eve Kendall: What makes you think you have to conceal it? Roger Thornhill: She might find the idea objectionable. Eve Kendall: Then again, she might not.

§North by Northwest ¤ Phillip Vandamm: Has anyone ever told you that you overplay your various roles rather severely, Mr. Kaplan?

§North by Northwest ¤ The Professor: If I thought there was any chance of changing your mind, I'd talk about Miss Kendall, of whom you so obviously disapprove. Roger Thornhill: Yes, for using sex like some people use a flyswatter.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: How do we know it's not a fake? It looks like a fake. Bidder: Well, one thing we know. You're no fake. You are a genuine idiot.

§North by Northwest ¤ Leonard: You must have had some doubts about her yourself. You still do. Phillip Vandamm: Rubbish. Leonard: Why else would you have decided not to tell her that our little treasure here has a belly full of microfilm? Phillip Vandamm: You seem to be trying to fill mine with rotten apples. Leonard: Sometimes the truth does taste like a mouthful of worms. Phillip Vandamm: The truth? I've heard nothing but innuendos. Leonard: Call it my woman's intuition, if you will. But I've never trusted neatness. Neatness is always the result of deliberate planning.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: I don't like the games you play, Professor. The Professor: War is hell, Mr. Thornhill. Even when it's a cold one. Roger Thornhill: If you fellows can't lick the VanDamm's of this world without asking girls like her to bed down with them and fly away with them and probably never come back, perhaps you ought to start learning how to lose a few cold wars. The Professor: I'm afraid we're already doing that.

§North by Northwest ¤ Phillip Vandamm: What possessed you to come blundering in here like this? Could it be an overpowering interest in art? Roger Thornhill: Yes, the art of survival. Eve Kendall: He followed me here from the hotel. Leonard: He was in your room? Roger Thornhill: Sure. Isn't everybody?

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: [as the police carry Thornhill out of the Art Auction Room, Roger says to the thug who tried to kill Roger twice before in the picture] I'm sorry old man. Too bad. Keep trying.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: You're police, aren't you? Or is it FBI? The Professor: FBI, CIA, ONI... we're all in the same alphabet soup.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: How does a girl like you get to be a girl like you? Eve Kendall: Lucky, I guess.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: I didn't realize you were an art collector. I thought you just collected corpses.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: When we get out of this, you can ride the train with me again. Eve Kendall: Is that a proposition? Roger Thornhill: It's a proposal, sweetie!

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: [...] it's something about my face. Eve Kendall: It's a nice face. Roger Thornhill: You think so? Eve Kendall: I wouldn't say it if I didn't. Roger Thornhill: Oh, you're that type. Eve Kendall: What type? Roger Thornhill: Honest.

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: How do I know you aren't a murderer? Roger Thornhill: You don't. Eve Kendall: Maybe you're planning to murder me right here, tonight. Roger Thornhill: Shall I? Eve Kendall: Please do.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: Now, what can a man do with his clothes off for twenty minutes? Couldn't he have taken an hour? Eve Kendall: You could always take a cold shower.

§North by Northwest ¤ Bureaucrat: So horribly sad. How is it I feel like laughing?

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: Patience is a virtue. Roger Thornhill: So is breathing.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: Well, didn't you hear what I said? I want to be taken to police headquarters. I'm a dangerous assassin, I'm a mad killer on the loose! Sergeant Flamm - Chicago Policeman: You ought to be ashamed of yourself.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: I may go back to hating you. It was more fun.

§North by Northwest ¤ Leonard: You're not taking her on the plane with you? Phillip Vandamm: Of course I am. Like our friends, I too believe in neatness, Leonard. This matter is best disposed of from a great height, over water.

§North by Northwest ¤ Phillip Vandamm: Seems to me you fellows could stand a little less training from the F.B.I. and a little more from the Actor's Studio.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: We'll get them. We'll throw the book at them. Assault and kidnapping. Assault with a gun and a bourbon and a sports car. We'll get them.

§North by Northwest ¤ The Professor: War is hell, Mr. Thornhill, even when it's a cold one.

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: While I'm calling, you can change your clothes. Roger Thornhill: Where do you propose I do that? In Marshall Fields' window? Eve Kendall: I sort of had the men's room in mind. Roger Thornhill: Did you, now? You're the smartest girl I ever spent the night with on a train.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: I don't think I caught your name. The Professor: I don't think I pitched it.

§North by Northwest ¤ Dr. Cross: Have you been drinking? Roger Thornhill: Doctor, I am gassed.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: When I was a little boy, I wouldn't even let my mother undress me. Eve Kendall: Well, you're a big boy now.

§North by Northwest ¤ Eve Kendall: I want you to do a favor for me. A big, big favor. Roger Thornhill: Name it. Eve Kendall: I want you to leave right now, stay far away from me, and don't come near me again. We're not going to get involved. Last night was last night, and it's all there was, and it's all there is. There isn't going to be anything more between us. So please. Goodbye, good luck, no conversation, just leave.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: Jack Philips, manager for Kingby Electronics. Eve Kendall: No, you're not, you're Roger Thornhill of Madison Avenue, and you're wanted for murder on every front page in America. Don't be modest.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: Who are you? Valerian: Mere errand boys carrying concealed weapons. His is pointed at your heart, so, please, no errors of judgment, I beg of you. Roger Thornhill: What is this? A joke or something? Licht: Yes, a joke. We will laugh in the car.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: [Thornhill has just been bundled into a car by armed strangers] No, don't tell me where we're going, surprise me.

§North by Northwest ¤ Roger Thornhill: Seven parking tickets.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: Don't you think its kind of a waste for the two of us... Madeleine: To wander separately? But, only one is a wanderer; two together are always going somewhere.

§Vertigo ¤ Madeleine: [pointing to the margin of a cross-section of a Sequoia who had lived for over a thousand years] Here I was born, and there I died. It was only a moment for you; you took no notice.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: You shouldn't keep souvenirs of a killing. You shouldn't have been that sentimental.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: One final thing I have to do... and then I'll be free of the past.

§Vertigo ¤ Gavin Elster: Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past - someone dead - can enter and take possession of a living being?

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I hope we will, too. Madeleine: What? Scottie: Meet again sometime. Madeleine: We have.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: And then what did he do? Did he train you? Did he rehearse you? Did he tell you exactly what to do, what to say? You were a very apt pupil too, weren't you? You were a very apt pupil! Well, why did you pick on me? Why me?

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: If I let you change me, will that do it? If I do what you tell me, will you love me? Scottie: Yes. Yes. Judy: All right. All right then, I'll do it. I don't care anymore about me.

§Vertigo ¤ Coroner: We are not here to pass judgment on Mr. Ferguson's lack of initiative. He did nothing, and the law has little to say on the subject of things left undone.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: Midge, who do you know that's an authority on San Francisco history? Midge: That's the kind of greeting a girl likes! Not this "Hello-you-look-wonderful" stuff, just a good straight "Who do you know that's an authority on San Francisco his - -" [interrupted]

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I love you, Madeleine. Madeleine: I love you, too. It's too late. Scottie: No, no, we're together. Madeleine: It's too late. There's something I must do... Scottie: [kisses her passionately] No, there is nothing you must do. There is nothing you must do. No one possesses you. You're safe with me. Madeleine: [frantically] No, it's too late [Madeleine breaks free and runs across the courtyard. Scottie trails behind her, eventually catching up to her. He holds her tightly] Madeleine: Look, it's not fair. It's too late. It wasn't supposed to happen this way. It *shouldn't* have happened... Scottie: But it had to happen. We're in love. That's all that counts! Madeleine: [struggling] Look. Let me go! Please let me go! Scottie: Listen to me. Listen to me. Madeleine: [calmly] You believe I love you? Scottie: Yes. Madeleine: And if you lose me, then you'll know I, I loved you. And I wanted to go on loving you. Scottie: I won't lose you. Madeleine: Let me go into the church - alone. Scottie: Why? [they kiss for the last time. Scottie releases his grip and Madeleine walks away towards the bell tower]

§Vertigo ¤ [last lines] Nun: God, have mercy.

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: Couldn't you like me, just me the way I am? When we first started out, it was so good; w-we had fun. And... and then you started in on the clothes. Well, I'll wear the darn clothes if you want me to, if, if you'll just, just like me. Scottie: The color of your hair... Judy: Oh, no! Scottie: Judy, please, it can't matter to you.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: Anyone could become obsessed with the past with a background like that!

§Vertigo ¤ [to Scottie] Gavin Elster: There's no way for them to understand. You and I know who killed Madeleine.

§Vertigo ¤ Midge: You want to know something? I don't think Mozart's going to help at all.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: [to Judy, after being taken to the scene of Madeline's death] No, no. I have to tell you about Madeleine now. Right there. [Pointing] Scottie: We stood there and I kissed her for the last time, and she said, 'If you lose me you'll know that I loved you and wanted to keep on loving you.' And I said, 'I won't lose you.' But I did. [pause] Scottie: And then she turned and ran into the church. I tried to follow, but it was too late.

§Vertigo ¤ Madeleine: Oh Scottie. I'm not mad. I'm not mad. I don't want to die. There's someone within me and she says I must die. Oh Scottie, don't let me go. Scottie: I'm here. I've got you. Madeleine: I'm so afraid. [Scottie and Madeleine kiss] Madeleine: Don't leave me. Stay with me. Scottie: All the time.

§Vertigo ¤ Midge: It's Mozart. Wolfgang Amadeus. I had a long talk with that lady in musical therapy, Johnny, and she says that Mozart's the boy for you. The broom that sweeps the cobwebs away. Well, that's what the lady said.

§Vertigo ¤ Gavin Elster: She'll be talking to me about something. Suddenly the words fade into silence. A cloud comes into her eyes and they go blank. She's somewhere else, away from me, someone I don't know. I call to her, she doesn't even hear me. Then, with a long sigh, she's back. Looks at me brightly, doesn't even know she's been away, can't tell me where or when. Scottie: How often does this happen? Gavin Elster: More and more in the past few weeks. And she wanders. God knows where she wanders. I followed her one day, watched her coming out of the apartment, someone I didn't know. She even walked a different way. Got into her car and drove off to Golden Gate Park. Five miles. Sat by the lake, staring across the water at the pillars that stand on the far shore. You know, Portals of the Past. Sat there a long time without moving. I had to leave, get back to the office. When I got home that evening, I asked her what she'd done all day. She said she'd driven out to Golden Gate Park and sat by the lake, that's all. Scottie: Well? Gavin Elster: The speedometer on her car showed that she'd driven ninety-four miles. Where did she go? I've got to know, Scottie, where she goes and what she does before I get involved with doctors.

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: SPOILER [Writing a letter] Judy: Dearest Scottie... and so you found me. This is the moment that I dreaded and hoped for - wondering what I would say and do if ever I saw you again. I wanted so to see you again just once. Now I'll go and you can give up your search. [pause] Judy: I want you to have peace of mind. You've nothing to blame yourself for. You were the victim. I was the tool and you were the victim of Gavin Elster's plan to murder his wife. He chose me to play the part because I looked like her; he dressed me up like her. He was quite safe because she lived in the country and rarely came to town. He chose you to be the witness to a suicide. The Carlotta story was part real, part invented to make you testify that Madeleine wanted to kill herself. He knew of your illness; he knew you'd never get up the stairs to the tower. He planned it so well; he made no mistakes. [pause] Judy: I made the mistake. I fell in love. That wasn't part of the plan. I'm still in love with you, and I want you so to love me. If I had the nerve, I'd stay and lie, hoping that I could make you love me again, as I am for myself... and so forget the other and forget the past. But I don't know whether I have the nerve to try... [She pauses for a long time, then stands and tears up the letter]

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: What's this doohickey? Midge: It's a brassiere! You know about those things, you're a big boy now. Scottie: I've never run across one like that. Midge: It's brand new. Revolutionary up-lift: No shoulder straps, no back straps, but it does everything a brassiere should do. Works on the principle of the cantilevered bridge. Scottie: It does? Midge: An aircraft engineer down the peninsula designed it; he worked it out in his spare time. Scottie: Kind of a hobby, a do-it-yourself kind of thing!

§Vertigo ¤ Madeleine: There is something I must do, there is something I must do. Scottie: There is nothing you must do. There is nothing you must do.

§Vertigo ¤ Midge: [to Scottie] For a man who has nothing to do, you're certainly a busy little bee.

§Vertigo ¤ Madeleine: [to Scottie] Why? 'Cause I remind you of her? It's not very complimentary.

§Vertigo ¤ Midge: It's wonderful how they've got it all taped now, John. They've got music for dipsomaniacs, and music for melancholiacs, and music for nymphomaniacs. I wonder what would happen if somebody got their files mixed up?

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I got a call from Gavin today. It's funny. He sort of dropped out of sight during the war. Somebody said he went East. I guess he's back. It's a Mission number. Midge: That's Skid Row... isn't it? Scottie: Could be. Midge: He's probably on the bum and wants to set you for the price of a drink. Scottie: Well, I'm on the bum; I'll buy him a couple of drinks and tell him my troubles.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I'm responsible for you now. You know, the Chinese say that once you have saved a person's life, you're responsible for it forever. And so I'm committed. And I have to know. Madeleine: So little do I know. It is as though I were walking down a long corridor that - that once was mirrored, and fragments of that mirror still hang there. And when I come to the end of the corridor, there's nothing but darkness. And I know that when I walk into the darkness, that I'll die.

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: There. I'm ready. But, first, muss me a little. [kisses Scottie] Judy: Oh, Scottie. I do have you now, don't I?

§Vertigo ¤ [first lines] Officer on rooftop: Give me your hand. Give me your hand.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: What's this do-hickey? Midge: It's a brassiere! You know about those things. You're a big boy, now. Scottie: I've never run across one like that. Midge: It's brand new. Revolutionary uplift. No shoulder straps, no back straps, but does everything a brassiere should do. It works on the principle of the cantilever bridge. Scottie: It does? Midge: Uh-hu. An aircraft engineer down the peninsula designed it. He worked it out in his spare time. Scottie: A kind of a hobby. A do-it-yourself type of thing.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: Midge, do you suppose many men wear corsets? Midge: More than you think. Scottie: Really? Do you know that from personal experience? Or? Midge: Please!

§Vertigo ¤ Midge: I thought you said no more aches and pains? Scottie: It's this darned corset. It binds. Midge: No three-way stretch? How very un-chic.

§Vertigo ¤ Manager of McKittrick Hotel: She hasn't been here at all! Well, I would have seen her, you know. I've been right here all the time, putting olive oil on my rubber plant leaves.

§Vertigo ¤ Midge: Oh! You mean gay old Bohemian days of gay Old San Francisco! The juicy stories?

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: What is her name? Manager of McKittrick Hotel: Valdes. Miss Valdes. It's Spanish, you know. Scottie: Carlotta Valdes? Manager of McKittrick Hotel: Yes, that's it. Sweet name, isn't it? Foreign. But sweet.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I think I can lick it.

§Vertigo ¤ Midge: What have you been doing? Scottie: Wandering. What have you been doing? [Midge hands him a drink] Scottie: Thanks, dear. Midge: Oh, I'm having a wonderful time. I've gone back to my first love: painting. Scottie: Well, good for you. I always said you were wasting your time in the underwear department.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: Can I ask you a couple of questions? Judy: What for? Who are you? Scottie: My name's John Ferguson. Judy: Is this some kind of Gallup poll?

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: You remind me of somebody. Judy: I heard that one before, too. I remind you of someone you used to be madly in love with, but she ditched you for another guy, and you've been carrying the torch ever since, and you saw me and something clicked. Huh? Scottie: You're not far wrong. Judy: Well, it's not going to work.

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: Do you live here in the hotel? Scottie: No, I happened to see you when you came in, so, I thought I'd... Judy: Yeah, I thought so. A pick-up! Well, you've got a nerve. Follow me right into the hotel and up to my room! Now, you beat it! Go on and beat it!

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: I'm just a girl. I work at Magnin's.

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: I warn you, I can yell awfully loud. Scottie: You won't have to. Judy: Well, you don't look very much like Jack the Ripper.

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: I have to go to work. I've got a job. Scottie: Don't go to your job. Judy: And what'll I live on? My oil wells in Texas? Scottie: Let me take care of you, Judy. Judy: Thanks very much, but, no thanks. Scottie: No, Judy, you don't understand. Judy: Well, I understand, all right. I've been understanding since I was seventeen. And the next step is?

§Vertigo ¤ Judy: Gee, you have got it bad, haven't cha? Do I really look like her?

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I need you. Judy: Why? Scottie: I need you to be Madeleine for awhile.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: Come here. Judy: Oh, no. You'll muss me. Scottie: Well, that's what I had in mind. Come here. Judy: Too late. I got my face on.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: Midge, don't be so motherly.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I'm supposed to be retired. I don't want to get mixed up in this darn thing.

§Vertigo ¤ Scottie: I'm not telling you what I think! I'm telling you what *he* thinks!

§Double Indemnity ¤ [last lines] Walter Neff: Know why you couldn't figure this one, Keyes? I'll tell ya. 'Cause the guy you were looking for was too close. Right across the desk from ya. Barton Keyes: Closer than that, Walter. Walter Neff: I love you, too.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: Mr. Neff, why don't you drop by tomorrow evening about eight-thirty. He'll be in then. Walter Neff: Who? Phyllis: My husband. You were anxious to talk to him weren't you? Walter Neff: Yeah, I was, but I'm sort of getting over the idea, if you know what I mean. Phyllis: There's a speed limit in this state, Mr. Neff. Forty-five miles an hour. Walter Neff: How fast was I going, officer? Phyllis: I'd say around ninety. Walter Neff: Suppose you get down off your motorcycle and give me a ticket. Phyllis: Suppose I let you off with a warning this time. Walter Neff: Suppose it doesn't take. Phyllis: Suppose I have to whack you over the knuckles. Walter Neff: Suppose I bust out crying and put my head on your shoulder. Phyllis: Suppose you try putting it on my husband's shoulder. Walter Neff: That tears it.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: Yes, I killed him. I killed him for money - and a woman - and I didn't get the money and I didn't get the woman. Pretty, isn't it?

§Double Indemnity ¤ [Norton, Keyes's boss, has just tried, unsuccessfully, to convince a client that her husband's death was a suicide] Barton Keyes: You know, you, uh, oughta take a look at the statistics on suicide some time. You might learn a little something about the insurance business. Edward S. Norton: Mister Keyes, I was RAISED in the insurance business. Barton Keyes: Yeah, in the front office. Come now, you've never read an actuarial table in your life, have you? Why they've got ten volumes on suicide alone. Suicide by race, by color, by occupation, by sex, by seasons of the year, by time of day. Suicide, how committed: by poison, by firearms, by drowning, by leaps. Suicide by poison, subdivided by *types* of poison, such as corrosive, irritant, systemic, gaseous, narcotic, alkaloid, protein, and so forth; suicide by leaps, subdivided by leaps from high places, under the wheels of trains, under the wheels of trucks, under the feet of horses, from *steamboats*. But, Mr. Norton, of all the cases on record, there's not one single case of suicide by leap from the rear end of a moving train. And you know how fast that train was going at the point where the body was found? Fifteen miles an hour. Now how can anybody jump off a slow-moving train like that with any kind of expectation that he would kill himself? No. No soap, Mr. Norton. We're sunk, and we'll have to pay through the nose, and you know it.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: You'll be here too? Phyllis: I guess so, I usually am. Walter Neff: Same chair, same perfume, same anklet? Phyllis: I wonder if I know what you mean. Walter Neff: I wonder if you wonder.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: Neff is the name, isn't it? Walter Neff: Yeah. Two "F"s, like in Philadelphia, if you know the story. Phyllis: What story? Walter Neff: The Philadelphia Story.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: Do I laugh now, or wait 'til it gets funny?

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: It's just like the first time I came here, isn't it? We were talking about automobile insurance, only you were thinking about murder. And I was thinking about that anklet.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: Suddenly it came over me that everything would go wrong. It sounds crazy, Keyes, but it's true, so help me. I couldn't hear my own footsteps. It was the walk of a dead man.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: We're both rotten. Walter Neff: Only you're a little more rotten.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: I get the general idea. She was a tramp from a long line of tramps.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Eh? There it is, Walter. It's beginning to come apart at the seams already. Murder's never perfect. Always comes apart sooner or later, and when two people are involved it's usually sooner. Now we know the Dietrichson dame is in it *and* a somebody else. Pretty soon, we'll know who that somebody else is. He'll show. He's got to show. Sometime, somewhere, they've got to meet. Their emotions are all kicked up. Whether it's love or hate doesn't matter; they can't keep away from each other. They may think it's twice as safe because there's two of them, Barton Keyes: [chuckles] Barton Keyes: but it isn't twice as safe. It's ten times twice as dangerous. They've committed a *murder*! And it's not like taking a trolley ride together where they can get off at different stops. They're stuck with each other and they got to ride all the way to the end of the line and it's a one-way trip and the last stop is the cemetery. She put in her claim... I'm gonna throw it right back at her. [Walter hands Keyes a light] Barton Keyes: Let her sue us if she dares. I'll be ready for her *and* that somebody else. They'll be digging their own graves.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Edward S. Norton: That witness from the train, what was his name? Barton Keyes: His name was Jackson. Probably still is.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: How could I have known that murder could sometimes smell like honeysuckle?

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: I picked you for the job, not because I think you're so darn smart, but because I thought you were a shade less dumb than the rest of the outfit. Guess I was wrong. You're not smarter, Walter... you're just a little taller.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Have you made up your mind? Jackson: Mr. Keyes, I'm a Medford man - Medford, Oregon. Up in Medford, we take our time making up our minds. Barton Keyes: Well, we're not in Medford now, we're in a hurry.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Jackson: Tonight? Tomorrow morning would suit me better. [Smiles] Jackson: There's a very good osteopath in town I'd like to see before I leave. Barton Keyes: Osteopath. Well, just don't put her on the expense account.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: I was just fixing some ice tea; would you like a glass? Walter Neff: Yeah, unless you got a bottle of beer that's not working.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: Dear Keyes, I suppose you'll call this a confession when you hear it... Well, I don't like the word confession, I just want to set you right about something you couldn't see because it was smack up against your nose. You think you're such a hot potato as a claims manager; such a wolf on a phony claim... Maybe y'are. But let's take a look at that Dietrichson claim... accident and double indemnity. You were pretty good in there for awhile Keyes... you said it wasn't an accident, check. You said it wasn't suicide, check. You said it was murder... check.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Now that's enough out of you, Walter. Now get outta here before I throw my desk at you. [looks in his pocket for a match] Walter Neff: [takes a match of his own and lights Keyes' cigar] I love you, too. [voiceover] Walter Neff: I really did, too, you old crab. Always yelling your head off, always sore at everybody. You never fooled me with your song and dance, not for a second. I kinda always knew that behind all the cigar ashes on your vest was a heart as big as a house.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: That was all there was to it.Nothing had slipped, nothing had been overlooked.There was nothing to give us away. And yet, Keyes, as I was walking down the street to the drugstore, suddenly, it came over me that everything would go wrong. It sounds crazy Keyes, but it's true, so help me, I couldn't hear my own footsteps. It was the walk of a dead man.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: I was thinking about that dame upstairs, and the way she had looked at me, and I wanted to see her again, close, without that silly staircase between us.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Just came from Norton's office. Semiannual sales records are out. You're high man, Walter. That's twice in a row. Congratulations. Walter Neff: Thanks. How'd you like a cheap drink? Barton Keyes: How'd you like a $50 cut in salary? Walter Neff: Do I laugh now or wait til it gets funny? Barton Keyes: I'm serious. I've just been talking to Norton. Too much stuff piling up on my desk. Too much pressure on my nerves. I spend half the night walking up and down on my bed. I've got to have an assistant and I thought of you. Walter Neff: Me? Why pick on me? Barton Keyes: 'Cause I've got a crazy idea you might be good at the job. Walter Neff: That's crazy all right. I'm a salesman. Barton Keyes: Yeah, peddlar. Glad-handler. Back-slapper. You're too good to be a salesman. Walter Neff: Nobody's too good to be a salesman. Barton Keyes: Phooey. All you guys do is ring a doorbell and hand out a smooth line of monkey dough. What's troubling you is that fifty buck cut, isn't it? Walter Neff: That'd trouble anybody. Barton Keyes: Look Walter, the job I'm talking about takes brains and integrity. It takes more guts than there is in 50 salesmen. It's the hardest job in the business. Walter Neff: Yeah, but it's still a desk job. I don't want to be nailed to a desk. Barton Keyes: Desk job? Is that all you can see in it? Just a hard chair to park your pants on from 9 to 5? Just a pile of papers to shuffle around and 5 sharp pencils and a scratchpad to make figures on? Maybe a little doodling on the side? Well that's not the way I look at it, Walter. To me, a claims man is a surgeon. That desk is an operating table and those pencils are scalpels and bone-chisels. And those papers are not just forms and statistics and claims for compensation. They're alive. They're packed with drama, with twisted hopes and crooked dreams. A claims man, Walter, is a, is a doctor and a bloodhound and a [phone rings. Keyes answers] Barton Keyes: Who? Okay, hold on a minute. A claims man is a doctor and a bloodhound and a cop and a judge and a jury and a father confessor all in one. And you want to tell me you're not interested. You don't want to work with your brains. All you want to do is work with your finger on the doorbell for a few bucks more a week. There's a dame on your phone.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: I think you're rotten. Walter Neff: I think you're swell - so long as I'm not your husband. Phyllis: Get out of here. Walter Neff: You bet I'll get out of here, baby. I'll get out of here but quick.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Now look, Walter. A guy takes out an accident policy that's worth $100,000 if he's killed on the train. Then, two weeks later, he *is* killed on the train. And, not from the train accident, mind you, but falling off some silly observation car. You know what the mathematical probability of that is? One out of, oh, I don't know how many billions. And after that, the broken leg. No, it just, it just can't be the way it looks. Something has been worked on us!

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: I'm a native Californian. Born right here in Los Angeles. Walter Neff: They say all native Californians come from Iowa.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: Who'd you think I was anyway? The guy that walks into a good looking dame's front parlour and says, "Good afternoon, I sell accident insurance on husbands... you got one that's been around too long? One you'd like to turn into a little hard cash?"

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Well, I get darn sick of tryin' to pick up after a gang of fast-talking salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy who sleeps in the same bed with four rattlesnakes.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Walter, you're all washed up.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: What's the matter? Dames chasing you again? Or still? Or is it none of my business? Walter Neff: If I told you it was a customer, you'd... Barton Keyes: "Margie"! I bet she drinks from the bottle.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: This Dietrichson business. It's murder. And murders don't come any neater. As fancy a piece of homicide as anyone ever ran into. Smart, tricky, almost perfect. But... I think papa has it all figured out. Figured out and wrapped up in tissue paper with... pink ribbons on it.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: Hello, Keyes. You're up pretty early, aren't you? I always wondered what time you got down to the office. Or did that little man of yours pull you out of bed? Barton Keyes: The janitor did. Seems you leaked a little blood on the way in here. Walter Neff: Yeah, wouldn't be surprised. I wanted to straighten you out on that Dietrichson case. Barton Keyes: So I gather. Walter Neff: How long you been standing there? Barton Keyes: Long enough. Walter Neff: Kind of a crazy story with a crazy twist to it. One you didn't quite figure out. Barton Keyes: You can't figure them all, Walter. Walter Neff: That's right. I guess you can't at that. Now I suppose I get the big speech. The one with all the two dollar words in it. Let's have it, Keyes. Barton Keyes: Walter, you're all washed up.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Jackson: These are fine cigars you smoke. Barton Keyes: Two for a quarter. Jackson: That's what I said.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: What do the police figure? Barton Keyes: That he got tangled up in his crutches and fell off the train. They're satisfied. It's not their dough.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: That's a honey of an anklet you're wearing, Mrs. Dietrichson.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Edward S. Norton: There is a widespread feeling that just because a man has a large office, he must be an idiot.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Edward S. Norton: So he gets rid of this Jackson with some flimsy excuse about cigars. Edward S. Norton: [dramatically] And then he's alone. And then he does it. Phyllis: [bristling] Does what? Edward S. Norton: He jumps. Suicide. In which case the company is not liable. But you know that, of course. Now we could go to court... Phyllis: [furious] I don't know anything! In fact, I don't know why I came here! Edward S. Norton: [abashed] Just a moment. I said we could go to court, I didn't say we want to. What I want to suggest is a compromise on both sides. A settlement for a certain sum, a part of the policy value. Phyllis: Don't bother, Mr. Norton. When I came in here I had no idea you owed me any money. You told me you did, then you told me you didn't. Now you tell me you want to pay a part of it, whatever it is. You want to bargain with me at a time like this! I don't like your insinuations about my husband and I dont like your methods... in fact, I don't like you, Mr. Norton! Goodbye gentlemen!

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: Hello Keyes, what's on your mind? Barton Keyes: [troubled] That broken leg. The guy had a broken leg. Walter Neff: What are you talking about? Barton Keyes: I'm talking about Dietrichson. He had accident insurance, didn't he? Walter Neff: Yeah. Barton Keyes: Then he broke his leg, didn't he? Walter Neff: So what? Barton Keyes: And he didn't put in a claim. Why didn't he put in a claim? Why!

§Double Indemnity ¤ Jackson: Mr. Keyes, I'm a Medford man. Medford, Oregon. If I say it, I mean it. If I mean it, of course I'll swear to it.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: You know, about six months ago, a guy slipped on a cake of soap in his bathtub, knocked himself cold, and was drowned. Only, he had accident insurance, so they had an autopsy, and she didn't get away with it Phyllis: Who didn't? Walter Neff: His wife. Then there was the case of the guy who was found shot. His wife said he was cleaning his gun and his stomach got in the way. All she got was a 3-to-10 stretch in Tehachapi [a California women's prison] Walter Neff: . Phyllis: [Wearily] Perhaps it was worth it to her.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: The insurance ran out on the 15th. I'd hate to think of you having a smashed fender or something while you're not... fully covered. Phyllis: Perhaps I know what you mean, Mr. Neff. I've just been taking a sun-bath. Walter Neff: No pigeons around, I hope.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: Do you make your own breakfast, Mr Neff? Walter Neff: Well, I squeeze a grapefruit now and again.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: I loved you, Walter, and I hated him. But I wasn't going to do anything about it until I met you. You planned the whole thing. I only wanted him dead. Walter Neff: [bitterly] And I'm the one that fixed it so he was dead? Is that what you're telling me? Phyllis: And nobody's pulling out. We went in this together and we're coming out at the end together. It's straight down the line for both of us. Remember?

§Double Indemnity ¤ Phyllis: Nettie, show Mr. Neff into the living room. [leaves to get dressed] Walter Neff: Where would the living room be? Nettie - Dietrichsons' Maid: In there, but they keep the liquor locked up. Walter Neff: That's alright, I always carry my own keys.

§Double Indemnity ¤ [first lines] Building attendant: Well, hello there, Mr. Neff.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: [Recurring line, spoken several times by both the principal characters Walter Neff and by Phyllis Dietrichson] "Right down the line" or "straight down the line".

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Every month, hundreds of claims come to this desk. Some of them are phonies, and I know which ones. How do I know? Because my little man tells me. Sam Gorlopis: What "little man"? Barton Keyes: The little man in here. Every time one of these phonies comes along, it ties knots in my stomach; I can't eat! Yours is one of them Gorlupis - that's how I knew your claim was crooked. So what did I do? I send a tow car over to your garage this afternoon. And they jacked up that burned out truck of yours, And what did they find? They found what was left of a neat pile of shavings. Sam Gorlopis: What shavings? Barton Keyes: The ones you soaked with kerosene and dropped the match on!

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: She didn't get away with it. All she got was a three to ten stretch at Tehachapi. Phyllis: Perhaps it was worth it to her.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Walter Neff: [as Keyes fumbles for a non-existent match] They give you matches when you buy cigars. All you have to do is ask for them. Barton Keyes: Don't like 'em. They always explode in my pocket. So long, Walter.

§Double Indemnity ¤ Barton Keyes: Walter, I've been living with this little man for 26 years. He's never failed me yet. There's got to be something wrong! Walter Neff: Well, maybe Norton was right. Maybe it was suicide. Barton Keyes: No, not suicide. But not an accident either. Walter Neff: What else? Barton Keyes: Now look, Walter, a guy takes out an accident policy that's worth a hundred thousand dollars if he's killed on the train. Then two weeks later he *is* killed on the train. And not in some train accident, but falling off a platform in some silly observation car. You know what the mathematical probability of that is? One out of I don't know how many billions. And after that the broken leg. No, it just cant be the way it looks. Something has been worked on us! Walter Neff: Such as what? Murder?

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: I always tell the truth. Even when I lie.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: You wanna fuck with me? Okay. You wanna play rough? Okay. Say hello to my little friend! [Tony shoots]

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [to the restaurant patrons] What you lookin' at? You all a bunch of fuckin' assholes. You know why? You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be? You need people like me. You need people like me so you can point your fuckin' fingers and say, "That's the bad guy." So... what that make you? Good? You're not good. You just know how to hide, how to lie. Me, I don't have that problem. Me, I always tell the truth. Even when I lie. So say good night to the bad guy! Come on. The last time you gonna see a bad guy like this again, let me tell you. Come on. Make way for the bad guy. There's a bad guy comin' through! Better get outta his way!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [to Sosa's assassins] I'm Tony Montana! You fuck with me, you fuckin' with the best!

§Scarface ¤ Frank Lopez: Lesson number one: Don't underestimate the other guy's greed! [laughing] Elvira Hancock: Lesson number two: Don't get high on your own supply.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: This is paradise, I'm tellin' ya. This town like a great big pussy just waiting to get fucked.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: You know what? Fuck you! How about that?

§Scarface ¤ Frank Lopez: Tony, don't kill me, please! Tony Montana: I ain't gonna kill you. Frank Lopez: Oh Christ, thank you! Thank you! Tony Montana: [Tony looks at Manny] Manolo, shoot that piece of shit!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [to Sosa] I never fucked anybody over in my life didn't have it coming to them. You got that? All I have in this world is my balls and my word and I don't break them for no one. Do you understand? That piece of shit up there, I never liked him, I never trusted him. For all I know he had me set up and had my friend Angel Fernandez killed. But that's history. I'm here, he's not. Do you wanna go on with me, you say it. You don't, then you make a move.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Me, I want what's coming to me. Manny Ribera: Oh, well what's coming to you? Tony Montana: The world, chico, and everything in it.

§Scarface ¤ [last lines] Tony Montana: Go ahead! I take your fucking bullets! You think you kill me with bullets? I take your fucking bullets! Go ahead!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: You know what capitalism is? Getting fucked!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Who put this thing together? Me, that's who! Who do I trust? Me!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: The only thing in this world that gives orders... is balls.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [turning to Bernstein] Every dog has his day.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Is this it? That's what it's all about, Manny? Eating, drinking, fucking, sucking? Snorting? Then what? You're 50. You got a bag for a belly. You got tits, you need a bra. They got hair on them. You got a liver, they got spots on it, and you're eating this fuckin' shit, looking like these rich fucking mummies in here... Look at that. A junkie. I got a fuckin' junkie for a wife. She don't eat nothing. Sleeps all day with them black shades on. Wakes up with a Quaalude, and who won't fuck me 'cause she's in a coma. I can't even have a kid with her, Manny. Her womb is so polluted, I can't even have a fuckin' little baby with her!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: In this country, you gotta make the money first. Then when you get the money, you get the power. Then when you get the power, then you get the women.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Okay Sosa; You wanna fuck with me? You fucking with the best! You wanna fuck with me? Okay. You little cockroaches... come on. You wanna play games? Okay, I play with you; come on. Okay. You wanna play rough? Okay. Say hello to my little friend!

§Scarface ¤ Hector the Toad: You want to give me the cash, or do I kill your brother first... before I kill you? Tony Montana: Why don't you try sticking your head up your ass? See if it fits.

§Scarface ¤ Mel Bernstein: Every day above ground is a good day.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [after disposing of Frank Lopez and Mel Berstein] Okay, come on. Manny Ribera: What about Ernie? [long pause] Tony Montana: You want a job, Ernie? Ernie: [breathes sigh of relief] Sure, Tony.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Bet you feel good, huh? Bet you feel good to kill a mother and her kids, huh, bet you feel *big*... Alberto the Shadow: [in Spanish] Shut your mouth! Tony Montana: ...Like, you big man. Well, fuck you. What do you think I am? You think I'd kill two kids and a woman? Fuck that! I don't need that shit in my life. [Alberto reaches for detonator's button] Tony Montana: You die, motherfucker! [Tony shoots him in the head, killing him] Tony Montana: What'd you think of that, huh? What you think, I'm a fucking worm like you? I told you, man, I told you! Don't fuck with me! I told you, no fucking kids! No, but you wouldn't listen, why, you stupid fuck, look at you now.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Chi Chi, get the yeyo.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: The World Is Yours!

§Scarface ¤ Immigration Officer #2: So where's your old man now? Tony Montana: He dead. He die. Sometime. Somewhere. Immigration Officer #2: Mother? Tony Montana: She dead too. Immigration Officer #1: What kind of work you do in Cuba, Tony? Tony Montana: Ah, you know, things. I was, uh... This, that. Construction business. I work a lot with my hands. Before that, I was in the army. Immigration Officer #1: Any family in the States, Tony? Any brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, uncles, brother-in-law... anybody? Tony Montana: Nobody. Everybody's dead. Immigration Officer #1: Have you ever been to jail in Cuba, Tony? Tony Montana: Me? Jail? No way. No. Immigration Officer #1: Been in a mental hospital? Tony Montana: Oh, yeah. On the boat coming over.

§Scarface ¤ Frank Lopez: Hey, Tony. Remember when I told you when you first started working for me, the guys that last in this business, are the guys who fly straight. Low-key, quiet. But the guys who want it all, chicas, champagne, flash... they don't last. Tony Montana: [scoffs] You finished? Can I go? Frank Lopez: Yes, I'm finished. [Tony exits, shrugging with indifference]

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Hey, baby, what is your problem? Huh, you got a problem? You're good looking, you got a beautiful body, beautiful legs, beautiful face, all these guys in love with you. Only you got a look in your eye like you haven't been fucked in a year! Elvira Hancock: Hey, Jose. Who, why, when, and how I fuck is none of your business, okay?

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Every dog has his day, huh, Mel? Mel Bernstein: I told him. It didn't make any sense, clipping you when we had you working for us. He wouldn't listen. He got hot tonight, about the broad, you know? He fucked up. Tony Montana: You too, Mel. You fucked up. Mel Bernstein: Don't go too far, Tony. Tony Montana: I not, Mel, you are. [Tony shoots Bernstein in the gut; he gasps and groans] Mel Bernstein: Fuck. You can't shoot a cop! Tony Montana: Whoever says you was one? [Tony leans forward, aiming the gun at Bernstein] Mel Bernstein: Wait a minute! You let me go, I'll fix this up. Tony Montana: Sure, Mel. Maybe you can hand out yourself one of them first class tickets to the Resurrection. Mel Bernstein: Fucking punk. Son of a bitch. Tony Montana: [stands up] So long, Mel, have a good trip. Mel Bernstein: Fuck you!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [watching flamingos on TV] Manny, look at the pelican fly. Come on, pelican!

§Scarface ¤ Alejandro Sosa: I only tell you once. Don't fuck me, Tony. Don't you ever try to fuck me.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [into the phone] Your guy Alberto... you know he's a piece of shit, you know? I told him to do something, he didn't listen to me, so I had to cancel the fucking contract. Alejandro Sosa: [into the phone] My partners and I are pissed off Tony. Tony Montana: That's okay, no big deal. There's other Albertos, you know. We do it next month. Alejandro Sosa: [into the phone] No, Tony. You can't do that. They found what was under the car, Tony! Now, our friend has got security up the ass! And the heat is gonna come down hard on my partners and me... There's not gonna be a next time, you fucking dumb cocksucker! You blew it! Tony Montana: Hey! Take it easy when you to talk to me, okay? Alejandro Sosa: [into the phone] I told you a long time ago, you fucking little monkey, not to fuck me! Tony Montana: [strung out] Hey, hey! Who the fuck you think you're talking to huh? You wanna fuck... [Sosa hangs up] Tony Montana: Who the fuck you think I am? Your fucking bell boy? Do you wanna go to war? We take you to war! Okay?

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: You know what your problem is, pussycat? Elvira Hancock: What is my problem, Tony? Tony Montana: You got nothing to do with your life, man. Why don't you get a job? Do something, be a nurse. Work with blind kids, lepers, that kind of thing. Anything beats you waiting around all day, waiting for me to fuck you, I'll tell you that. Elvira Hancock: Don't toot your horn, honey, you're not that good. Tony Montana: Oh yeah? Frank was better huh? Elvira Hancock: You're an asshole. Tony Montana: Where are you going? COME HERE! Coño, HEY! ELVY! I was kidding. I WAS ONLY KIDDING!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: You wanna waste my time? Okay. I call my lawyer. He's the best lawyer in Miami. He's such a good lawyer, that by tomorrow morning, you gonna be working in Alaska. So dress warm.

§Scarface ¤ Elvira Hancock: You know what you're becoming, Tony? You're an immigrant spick millionaire, who can't stop talking about money... Tony Montana: Who the fuck you calling a spick, man? You white piece of bread. Get outta the way of the television.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [to Manny] It's those guys, Manny. It's the fucking bankers, the politicians, they're the ones that want to make coke illegal! So, they can make the fucking money and they get the fucking votes, they're fighting the bad guys, they're the bad guys! They fuck anything and anyone. Fuck, fucking bankers! Elvira Hancock: Can't you stop saying fuck all the time?

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Hey, Frank, you're a piece of shit. Frank Lopez: What are you talking about? Tony Montana: You know what I'm taking about about, you fucking cockroach.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: You a communist? Huh? How'd you like it, man? They tell you all the time what to do, what to think, what to feel. Do you wanna be like a sheep? Like all those other people? Baah! Baah! Immigration Officer #3: I don't have to listen to this bullshit! Tony Montana: You wanna work eight, ten fucking hours? You own nothing, you got nothing! Do you want a chivato on every corner looking after you? Watching everything you do? Everything you say, man? Do you know I eat octopus three times a day? I got fucking octopus coming out of my fucking ears. I got the fuckin' Russian shoes my feet's comin' through. How you like that? What, you want me to stay there and do nothing? Hey, I'm no fuckin' criminal, man. I'm no puta or thief. I'm Tony Montana, a political prisoner from Cuba. And I want my fuckin' human rights, now! [slams desk] Tony Montana: Just like the President Jimmy Carter says. Okay? Immigration Officer #1: Carter should see this human right. He's really good. What do you say, Harry? Immigration Officer #3: I don't believe a word of this shit! They all sound the same to me. That son of a bitch Castro is shittin' all over us. Send this bastard to Freedom Town. Let them take a look at him. Get him outta here. Tony Montana: You know somethin'? You can send me anywhere. Here, there, this, that; it don't matter. There's nothing you can do to me that Castro has not done. Immigration Officer #3: Get him outta here!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Okay, here's the story. I come from the gutter. I know that. I got no education... but that's okay. I know the street, and I'm making all the right connections. With the right woman, there's no stopping me. I could go right to the top.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: *Now* you're talking to me, baby. Elvira Hancock: Don't call me "baby". I'm not your "baby".

§Scarface ¤ Gina Montana: I like Fernando. He's a fun guy and he's nice... and he knows how to treat a woman. Manny Ribera: [laughing] Knows how to treat a woman? By taking you to the toilet to make out?

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: [during the final shootout with Sosa's assassins] You think you can take me? You need a fucking army if you gonna take me!

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: Look at that, a junkie... I got a junkie for a wife. Her womb is so polluted, I can't even have a fucking little baby with her! Manny Ribera: C'mon, Tony. Elvira Hancock: You son of a bitch!... You fuck! [throws wine in Tony's face] Elvira Hancock: How dare you talk to me like that? What makes you so much better than me? What do you do? Manny Ribera: [trying to dry off Tony's clothes] Don't worry. Elvira Hancock: [as shocked restaurant clients looks on aghast] You deal drugs and you kill people. Oh, that's wonderful, Tony. Real contribution to human history. Tony Montana: Go ahead. Just tell everybody. Come on. Elvira Hancock: You want a kid? Tony Montana: Tell the world. Elvira Hancock: What kind of a father do you think you'd make? [Tony tries taking a swipe at her] Elvira Hancock: Who's gonna drive him to school in the mornings? Are you even gonna be alive by the time the kid goes to school? [Tony glowers at her in rage] Elvira Hancock: You don't even know how to be a husband! Tony Montana: [snarls] Sit down before I... Elvira Hancock: [as Manny and guards try to calm her down] Do we ever go anywhere without having 600 thugs hanging around us all the time? [sobbing:] Elvira Hancock: I have Nick "The Pig" for a friend. What kind of a life is that? Manny Ribera: Come on. Elvira Hancock: Can't you see... what we're becoming, Tony? We're losers. We're not winners. Tony Montana: Go home. You're stoned. Elvira Hancock: I'm not stoned. You're stoned. Tony Montana: Get her out of here! Manny Ribera: Come on. Come on. Elvira Hancock: No! No! I'm not going home with you! [sighs, vainly trying to brush her hair back] Elvira Hancock: I'm not going home with anybody! I'm going home alone. I'm leaving you. I don't need this shit anymore. Manny Ribera: Okay, I'll walk you out. [tapping Tony on the shoulder:] Manny Ribera: I'll take her home in a cab. Tony Montana: Let her go, let her go. Another Quaalude, she gonna love me again.

§Scarface ¤ Elvira Hancock: Can't you see what we're becoming, Tony? We're losers. We're not winners, we're losers. Tony Montana: Go home. You stoned. Elvira Hancock: I'm not stoned. You're stoned.

§Scarface ¤ M.C. at Babylon Club: Is that coke in your bra or are you just happy to see me?

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: I work hard for this. I want you to know that. Elvira Hancock: It's too bad. Somebody shouldv'e given it to you. You wouldv'e been a nicer person.

§Scarface ¤ Omar Suarez: Watch my back. Tony Montana: Better than your front, lemme tell you. Much easier to watch.

§Scarface ¤ Frank Lopez: Elvira! Baby! Where've you been? It's 10:00, honey, I'm starving! Elvira Hancock: You're always hungry. You should try starving.

§Scarface ¤ Tony Montana: What you tell 'em? Manny Ribera: I told 'em what you told me to tell 'em, I told 'em I was in sanitation. They didn't go for it. Tony Montana: Sanitation? I told you to tell 'em that you was in a sanatorium. Not sanitation, sanatorium.

§Scarface ¤ Mama Montana: Son? I wish I had one! He's a bum! He was a bum then and he's a bum now! Who do you think you are, hm? We haven't heard a word from you in five years. Cinco anos. You suddenly show up here and you throw money at us? You think you can *buy* me with your money? Tony Montana: Come on, mama. Mama Montana: You think you can come in here with your hot-shot clothes and make fun of us? Tony Montana: Mama, you don't know what you're talking about. Mama Montana: No that is NOT the way I am, Antonio! That is *not* the way I raised Gina to be. You are not going to destroy her. I don't need your money. Gracias! I work for my living. *I don't want you in this house anymore!* I don't want you around Gina! So come on, get out! And take this lousy money with you! It stinks!

§Scarface ¤ Elvira Hancock: Nothing exceeds like excess. You should know that, Tony.

§Amélie ¤ Hipolito, The Writer: Without you, today's emotions would be the scurf of yesterday's.

§Amélie ¤ The Sacré-Coeur Boy: The fool looks at a finger that points at the sky.

§Amélie ¤ Amélie Poulain: At least you'll never be a vegetable - even artichokes have hearts.

§Amélie ¤ Hipolito (The Writer): We pass the time of day to forget how time passes.

§Amélie ¤ Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: You mean she would rather imagine herself relating to an absent person than build relationships with those around her?

§Amélie ¤ [Amélie hands a begger some money] Beggar: Sorry madam, I don't work on Sundays.

§Amélie ¤ Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: So, my little Amélie, you don't have bones of glass. You can take life's knocks. If you let this chance pass, eventually, your heart will become as dry and brittle as my skeleton. So, go get him, for Pete's sake!

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: Amelie has a strange feeling of absolute harmony. It's a perfect moment. A soft light, a scent in the air, the quiet murmur of the city. A surge of love, an urge to help mankind overcomes her.

§Amélie ¤ Amélie: [to her father, who is not paying attention] I had two heart attacks, an abortion, did crack... while I was pregnant. Other than that, I'm fine.

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: Nino is late. Amelie can only see two explanations. 1 - he didn't get the photo. 2 - before he could assemble it, a gang of bank robbers took him hostage. The cops gave chase. They got away... but he caused a crash. When he came to, he'd lost his memory. An ex-con picked him up, mistook him for a fugitive, and shipped him to Istanbul. There he met some Afghan raiders who too him to steal some Russian warheads. But their truck hit a mine in Tajikistan. He survived, took to the hills, and became a Mujaheddin. Amelie refuses to get upset for a guy who'll eat borscht all his life in a hat like a tea cozy.

§Amélie ¤ Amélie: [to blind man] Let me help you. Step down. Here we go! The drum major's widow! She's worn his coat since the day he died. The horse's head has lost an ear! That's the florist laughing. He has crinkly eyes. In the bakery window, lollipops. Smell that! They're giving out melon slices! Sugarplum, ice cream! We're passing the park butcher. Ham, 79 francs. Spareribs, 45! Now the cheese shop. Picadors are 12.90. Cabecaus 23.50. A baby's watching a dog that's watching the chickens. Now we're at the kiosk by the metro. I'll leave you here. Bye!

§Amélie ¤ Man in photo: She is in love. Nino Quincampoix: I don't even know her! Man in photo: Oh, you know her. Nino Quincampoix: Since when? Man in photo: Since always. Man in photo: In your dreams.

§Amélie ¤ [first lines] Narrator: On September 3rd 1973, at 6:28pm and 32 seconds, a bluebottle fly capable of 14,670 wing beats a minute landed on Rue St Vincent, Montmartre. At the same moment, on a restaurant terrace nearby, the wind magically made two glasses dance unseen on a tablecloth. Meanwhile, in a 5th-floor flat, 28 Avenue Trudaine, Paris 9, returning from his best friend's funeral, Eugène Colère erased his name from his address book. At the same moment, a sperm with one X chromosome, belonging to Raphaël Poulain, made a dash for an egg in his wife Amandine. Nine months later, Amélie Poulain was born.

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: Amélie still seeks solitude. She amuses herself with silly questions about the world below, such as "How many people are having an orgasm right now?" [scenes of various orgasms taking place] Amélie: Fifteen.

§Amélie ¤ Seller in the porno shop: These are hard times for dreamers.

§Amélie ¤ Bretodeau, The Box Man: Life's funny. To a kid, time always drags. Suddenly you're fifty. All that's left of your childhood... fits in a rusty little box.

§Amélie ¤ Amélie: [whispering in cinema] I like to look for things no one else catches. [film on the cinema screen: as a man and a woman are about to kiss, a fly walks across a windowpane in the background] Amélie: I hate the way drivers never look at the road in old American movies. [film on the cinema screen: the driver of a car turns towards his passenger and talks at length to her, totally ignoring the road ahead]

§Amélie ¤ Josef Stalin dubbed in propaganda film excerpt: If Amélie chooses to live in a dream-world and remain an introverted young woman, she has every right to mess up her life!

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: [Amélie has found Nino's photo album and his "lost" posters] Any normal girl would call the number, meet him, return the album and see if her dream is viable. It's called a reality check. The last thing Amélie wants.

§Amélie ¤ The Newsstand Woman: A woman without love wilts like a flower without sun.

§Amélie ¤ Gina: Absence makes... Nino Quincampoix: ...the heart grow fonder.

§Amélie ¤ Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: Luck is like the Tour de France. You wait, and it flashes past you. You have to catch it while you can.

§Amélie ¤ Amélie: It's better to help people than garden gnomes.

§Amélie ¤ Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: So that's the one, there, the guy who raises his hand? Amélie: Yes. Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: Is she in love with him? Amélie: Yes. Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: The time has come for her to take some real risks. Amélie: Well yes, she's thinking about it. She's thinking of a stratagem. Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: Yes, she likes stratagems, doesn't she? Amélie: Yes. Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: She's a bit of a coward. That's why I have trouble with her eyes.

§Amélie ¤ Amélie: I am nobody's little weasel.

§Amélie ¤ Joseph: Cram it, failure! Hipolito, The Writer: Failed writer, failed life... I love the word "fail." Failure is human destiny. Joseph: It's gasbag time! Hipolito, The Writer: Failure teaches us that life is but a draft, a long rehearsal for a show that will never play. Joseph: I bet he stole that. Hipolito, The Writer: I do have some original ideas, but people always steal them. Hipolito, The Writer: Same as your women. Joseph: Meaning? Hipolito, The Writer: You'd better get used to it.

§Amélie ¤ Old Man at the Two Windmills: Still, true love does exist. Suzanne, Owner Two Windmills bar: I know. After 30 years behind a bar, I'm an expert. I'll even give you the recipe. Take two regulars, mix them together and let them stew. It never fails.

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: Amelie has one friend, Blubber. Alas the home environment has made Blubber suicidal. [Pet fish leaps out of fish bowl in an attempt at suicide]

§Amélie ¤ [last lines] Narrator: September 28th, 1997. It is exactly 11am. At the funfair, near the ghost train, the marshmallow twister is twisting. Meanwhile, on a bench in Villette Square, Félix Lerbier learns there are more links in his brain than atoms in the universe. Meanwhile, at the Sacré Coeur, the nuns are practising their backhand. The temperature is 24°C, humidity 70%, atmospheric pressure 990 millibars.

§Amélie ¤ Amélie Poulain: She doesn't relate to other people. She was always a lonely child.

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: With a prompter in every cellar window whispering comebacks, shy people would have the last laugh.

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: Philoméne likes the sound of the cat's bowl on the tiles. The cat likes overhearing children's stories.

§Amélie ¤ Joseph: You're gorgeous when you blush. Like a wild flower. Georgette: [shaking head] It's my dyspepsia.

§Amélie ¤ Mr. Collignon: [whispering to Amelie] Bre-to-deau. But if I say it, it won't count. I'm senile. Mrs. Collignon: Ignore him. He's senile. See what he's done to my laurel? His old job was punching metro tickets. Now he gets up every night to punch holes in my laurel! Mr. Collignon: We all need a way to relax.

§Amélie ¤ [Lucien is efficiently serving customers at the grocery while Collignon is absent] Madeleine Wallace: Where's the owner? Lucien: Shhh! Sleeping in the cauliflower!

§Amélie ¤ [screaming, after Amélie spills tea on her] Georgette: Bravo! Vive la France! You scalded me! Bravo! Ten out of ten! Ten out of ten! Bull's eye!

§Amélie ¤ Narrator: For Bretodeau, that little box brought back a lot of memories - Federico Bahamontes winning the '59 Tour de France, and of course, the tragic day when he won all the marbles at playtime The Teacher: [Bretodeau tries to put all his marbles away before the Teacher sees him] Bretodeau! [approaches him and gets his ear] The Teacher: You know the pinch, Bretodeau!

§Amélie ¤ Joseph: [to Hipolito] Cram it, failure!

§Amélie ¤ Amélie: I am nobody's little weasel

§Amélie ¤ Raymond Dufayel aka Glass Man: Lady Di! Lady Di! Renoir!

§Amélie ¤ Amélie: I'm busy

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ [first lines] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I am Gunnery Sergeant Hartman, your senior drill instructor. From now on you will speak only when spoken to, and the first and last words out of your filthy sewers will be "Sir". Do you maggots understand that? Recruits: [In unison in a normal speaking tone] Sir, yes Sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Bullshit, I can't hear you. Sound off like you got a pair! Recruits: [In unison, much louder] SIR, YES SIR! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: If you ladies leave my island, if you survive recruit training, you will be a weapon. You will be a minister of death praying for war. But until that day, you are pukes. You are the lowest form of life on Earth. You are not even human fucking beings. You are nothing but unorganized grab-asstic pieces of amphibian shit! Because I am hard, you will not like me. But the more you hate me, the more you will learn. I am hard but I am fair. There is no racial bigotry here. I do not look down on niggers, kikes, wops or greasers. Here you are all equally worthless. And my orders are to weed out all non-hackers who do not pack the gear to serve in my beloved Corps. Do you maggots understand that?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Did your parents have any children that lived? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I bet they regret that. You're so ugly you could be a modern art masterpiece! What's your name fat body? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, Leonard Lawrence, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Lawrence? Lawrence what... of Arabia? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: That name sounds like royalty. Are you royalty? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Do you suck dicks? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Bullshit. I bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose. Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I don't like the name Lawrence, only faggots and sailors are called Lawrence. From now on you're Gomer Pyle. Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Joker: Are those... live rounds? Private Gomer Pyle: Seven-six-two millimeter. Full metal jacket.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around. I'll be watching you.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: How tall are you, private? Private Cowboy: Sir, five-foot-nine, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Five-foot-nine, I didn't know they stacked shit that high!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What is this Mickey Mouse shit? What in the name of Jesus H. Christ are you animals doing in my head? Why is Private Pyle out of his bunk after lights-out? Why is Private Pyle holding that weapon? Why aren't you stomping Private Pyle's guts out? Private Joker: Sir, it is the private's duty to inform the senior drill instructor that Private Pyle has a full magazine that is locked and loaded, Sir! [pause] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [slowly and strictly] Now, you listen to me, Private Pyle. And you listen good. I want that weapon, and I want it now. You will place that rifle on the deck at your feet, and step back away from it. [Private Pyle grins and aims the rifle at Hartman] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [raising his voice] What is your major malfunction, numbnuts? Didn't Mommy and Daddy show you enough attention when you were a child? [Private Pyle shoots Hartman, killing him]

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Door Gunner: Git some! Git some! Git some, yeah, yeah, yeah! Anyone who runs, is a VC. Anyone who stands still, is a well-disciplined VC! You guys oughta do a story about me sometime! Private Joker: Why should we do a story about you? Door Gunner: 'Cuz I'm so fuckin' good! I done got me 157 dead gooks killed. Plus 50 water buffalo, too! Them's all confirmed! Private Joker: Any women or children? Door Gunner: Sometimes! Private Joker: How can you shoot women or children? Door Gunner: Easy! Ya just don't lead 'em so much! Ain't war hell?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Animal Mother: You a photographer? Private Joker: I'm a combat correspondent. Animal Mother: Well, you seen much combat? Private Joker: [sarcastic] I've seen a little on TV. Animal Mother: You're a real comedian. Private Joker: Well, they call me the Joker. Animal Mother: Well I got a joke for you. I'm gonna tear you a new asshole. Private Joker: [doing John Wayne impression] Well, pilgrim, only after you eat the peanuts out of my shit! Animal Mother: You talk the talk. Do you walk the walk?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Today... is Christmas! There will be a magic show at zero-nine-thirty! Chaplain Charlie will tell you about how the free world will conquer Communism with the aid of God and a few Marines! God has a hard-on for Marines because we kill everything we see! He plays His games, we play ours! To show our appreciation for so much power, we keep heaven packed with fresh souls! God was here before the Marine Corps! So you can give your heart to Jesus, but your ass belongs to the Corps! Do you ladies understand?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Joker: Leonard, if Hartman comes in here and catches us, we'll both be in a world of shit. Private Gomer Pyle: I *am*... in a world... of shit.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Where the hell are you from anyway, private? Private Cowboy: Sir, Texas, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Holy dog shit! Texas? Only steers and queers come from Texas, Private Cowboy, and you don't look much like a steer to me, so that kinda narrows it down. Do you suck dicks? Private Cowboy: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Are you a peter puffer? Private Cowboy: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I bet you're the kind of guy who would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around. I'll be watching you!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Joker: I wanted to see exotic Vietnam... the crown jewel of Southeast Asia. I wanted to meet interesting and stimulating people of an ancient culture... and kill them. I wanted to be the first kid on my block to get a confirmed kill!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ [last lines] Private Joker: [voice-over] My thoughts drift back to erect nipple wet dreams about Mary Jane Rottencrotch and the Great Homecoming Fuck Fantasy. I am so happy that I am alive, in one piece and short. I'm in a world of shit... yes. But I am alive. And I am not afraid.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Joker, do you believe in the Virgin Mary? Private Joker: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Well, well, Private Joker, I don't believe I heard you correctly! Private Joker: Sir, the private said "no, sir," sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Why you little maggot, you make me want to vomit! [slaps Joker] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: You Goddamn communist heathen, you had best sound off that you love the Virgin Mary, or I'm gonna stomp your guts out! Now you DO love the Virgin Mary, don't ya? Private Joker: Sir, NEGATIVE, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Joker, are you trying to offend me? Private Joker: Sir, NEGATIVE, sir! Sir, the private believes any answer he gives will be wrong and the Senior Drill Instructor will only beat him harder if he reverses himself, SIR! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Who's your squad leader, scumbag? Private Joker: Sir, the squad leader is Private Snowball, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Snowball! Private Snowball: Sir, Private Snowball reporting as ordered, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Snowball, you're fired. Private Joker's promoted to squad leader. Private Snowball: Sir, aye-aye, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Disappear, scumbag! Private Snowball: Sir, aye-aye, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle! Private Gomer Pyle: Private Pyle reporting as ordered, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle, Private Joker is your new squad leader, and you will bunk with him! He'll teach you everything, he'll teach you how to pee! Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Joker is silly and he's ignorant, but he's got guts, and guts is enough in my beloved Corps! Now, you ladies carry on. Private Joker, Private Gomer Pyle: [together] Sir, aye-aye, sir!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Pogue Colonel: Marine, what is that button on your body armor? Private Joker: A peace symbol, sir. Pogue Colonel: Where'd you get it? Private Joker: I don't remember, sir. Pogue Colonel: What is that you've got written on your helmet? Private Joker: "Born to Kill", sir. Pogue Colonel: You write "Born to Kill" on your helmet and you wear a peace button. What's that supposed to be, some kind of sick joke? Private Joker: No, sir. Pogue Colonel: You'd better get your head and your ass wired together, or I will take a giant shit on you. Private Joker: Yes, sir. Pogue Colonel: Now answer my question or you'll be standing tall before the man. Private Joker: I think I was trying to suggest something about the duality of man, sir. Pogue Colonel: The what? Private Joker: The duality of man. The Jungian thing, sir. Pogue Colonel: Whose side are you on, son? Private Joker: Our side, sir. Pogue Colonel: Don't you love your country? Private Joker: Yes, sir. Pogue Colonel: Then how about getting with the program? Why don't you jump on the team and come on in for the big win? Private Joker: Yes, sir. Pogue Colonel: Son, all I've ever asked of my marines is that they obey my orders as they would the word of God. We are here to help the Vietnamese, because inside every gook there is an American trying to get out. It's a hardball world, son. We've gotta keep our heads until this peace craze blows over. Private Joker: Aye-aye, sir.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Joker: The dead know only one thing: it is better to be alive.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [Hartman gives a speech to the graduating recruits] Today, you people are no longer maggots. Today, you are Marines. You're part of a brotherhood. From now on until the day you die, wherever you are, every Marine is your brother. Most of you will go to Vietnam. Some of you will not come back. But always remember this: Marines die. That's what we're here for. But the Marine Corps lives forever. And that means YOU live forever.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Da Nang Hooker: Hey, baby. You got girlfriend Vietnam? Private Joker: Not just this minute. Da Nang Hooker: Well, baby, me so horny. Me so HORNY. Me love you long time. You party? Private Joker: Yeah, we might party. How much? Da Nang Hooker: Fifteen dollar. Private Joker: Fifteen dollars for both of us? Da Nang Hooker: No. Each you fifteen dollar. Me love you long time. Me so HORNY. Private Joker: Fifteen dollar too beaucoup. Five dollars each. Da Nang Hooker: Me sucky-sucky. Me love you too much. Private Joker: Five dollars is all my mom allows me to spend. Da Nang Hooker: Okay. Ten dollar each. Private Joker: What do we get for ten dollars? Da Nang Hooker: Every t'ing you want. Private Joker: Everything? Da Nang Hooker: Every t'ing. Private Joker: [to Rafterman] Well, old buddy, feel like spending some of your hard-earned money?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [as Joker checks and then holds up his rifle for inspection, Hartman takes the rifle and proceeds to inspect it] What's your sixth general order? Private Joker: Sir! The private's sixth general order is to receive and to obey -- and to pass on to the sentry who relieves me -- all orders from the CO, from the OD, from any and all other officers, and from NCOs of the guard! Sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [CUTTING-ROOM FLOOR-LINE] What's this weapon's name, Private Joker? Private Joker: [CUTTING-ROOM FLOOR-LINE] Sir! The private's weapon's name is the Bitch, sir! [Hartman angrily passes back the rifle] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [CUTTING-ROOM FLOOR-LINE] You slimy piece of shit, that's no way to talk to your rifle! Now get on your face and give me 25! Private Joker: Twenty-five! Yes, sir! [while Joker executes the push-ups, Hartman approaches Pyle who holds up his own rifle] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: How many counts in that movement you just executed? Private Gomer Pyle: [hard and firm tone] Sir! Four counts, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What's the idea of looking down in the chamber? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir! That is to guarantee that the private is not giving the inspecting officer a loaded weapon, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What's your fifth general order? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir! The private's fifth general order is to quit my post only when properly relieved, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What's this weapon's name, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir! The private's weapon's name is Charlene, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle, you are definitely born again hard! Hell, I may even allow you to serve as a rifleman in my beloved Corps. Private Gomer Pyle: Sir! Yes, sir!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Tonight, you pukes will sleep with your rifles. You will give your rifle a girl's name because this is the only pussy you people are going to get. Your days of finger-banging ol' Mary-Jane Rottencrotch through her pretty pink panties are over! You're married to this piece. This weapon of iron and wood. And you will be faithful. Port, hut! [Recruits grabs their rifles] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Prepare to mount! [Recruits step back towards their bunks] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Mount! [Recruits quickly hop onto their bunks] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Port, hut! [Recruits grabs their rifles and holds them up] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Pray! Recruits: [chanting] This is my rifle. There are many others like it, but this one is mine. My rifle is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life. Without me, my rifle is useless. Without my rifle, I am useless. I must fire my rifle true. I must shoot straighter than my enemy, who is trying to kill me. I must shoot him before he shoots me. I will. Before God I swear this creed: my rifle and myself are defenders of my country, we are the masters of our enemy, we are the saviors of my life. So be it, until there is no enemy, but peace. Amen. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Order, hut! [Recruits puts the guns at their sides] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: At ease! Good night, ladies. Recruits: Good night, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [to the watchman] Hit it, sweetheart.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Crazy Earl: These are great days we're living, bros. We are jolly green giants, walking the Earth with guns. These people we wasted here today are the finest human beings we will ever know. After we rotate back to the world, we're gonna miss not having anyone around that's worth shooting.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Were you born a fat, slimy, scumbag puke piece o' shit, Private Pyle, or did you have to work on it?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Holy Jesus! What is that? What the fuck is that? WHAT IS THAT, PRIVATE PYLE? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, a jelly doughnut, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: A jelly doughnut? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: How did it get here? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, I took it from the mess hall, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Is chow allowed in the barracks, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Are you allowed to eat jelly doughnuts, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: And why not, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, because I'm too heavy, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Because you are a disgusting fat body, Private Pyle! Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Then why did you try to sneak a jelly doughnut in your footlocker, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, because I was hungry, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Because you were hungry... [turns and addresses rest of platoon] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle has dishonored himself and dishonored the platoon. I have tried to help him. But I have failed. I have failed because YOU have not helped me. YOU people have not given Private Pyle the proper motivation! So, from now on, whenever Private Pyle fucks up, I will not punish him! I will punish all of YOU! And the way I see it ladies, you owe me for ONE JELLY DOUGHNUT! NOW GET ON YOUR FACES! [rest of recruits get in front-leaning-rest position, Hartman turns to Pyle] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Open your mouth! [shoves jelly doughnut into PYLE's mouth] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: They're payin' for it; YOU eat it! Ready! Exercise!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Lt. Lockhart: [reading] ... we have a new directive from M.A.F. on this. In the future, in place of "search and destroy," substitute the phrase "sweep and clear." Got it? Private Joker: Got it. Very catchy.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: The deadliest weapon in the world is a Marine and his rifle. It is your killer instinct which must be harnessed if you expect to survive in combat. Your rifle is only a tool. It is a hard heart that kills. If your killer instincts are not clean and strong you will hesitate at the moment of truth. You will not kill. You will become dead marines and then you will be in a world of shit because marines are not allowed to die without permission. Do you maggots understand?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ [referring to Lee Harvey Oswald and mass murderer Charles Whitman] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Do any of you people know where these individuals learned how to shoot?... Private Joker. Private Joker: Sir. In the Marines, Sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: In the Marines. Outstanding. Those individuals showed what one motivated Marine and his rifle can do. And before you ladies leave my Island, you will all be able to do the same thing.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ [Marching Song] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I don't know but I been told... Marines: I don't know but I been told... Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Eskimo pussy is mighty cold. Marines: Eskimo pussy is mighty cold. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: MMM, good... Marines: MMM, good... Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Tastes good... Marines: Tastes Good... Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Feels Good. Marines: Feels good.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [calling out to platoon] Left shoulder, hut! [Pyle accidentally puts his rifle on his right shoulder, then corrects quickly, but not before Hartman sees it. He walks up on him] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle, what are you trying to do to my beloved Corps? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, I don't know, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: You are dumb, Private Pyle, but do you expect me to believe that you don't know left from right? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Then you did that on purpose! You wanna be different! Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [slaps Pyle hard on the left hand side of his face] What side was that, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, left side, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [shouts] Are you sure, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [slaps him hard again, this time on right side of his face, knocking his hat off; shouts] What side was that, Private Pyle? Private Gomer Pyle: [nearly in tears] Sir, right side, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Don't fuck with me again, Pyle! Pick up your fuckin' cover! Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What's your excuse? Private Cowboy: Sir, excuse for what, sir? Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: I'm asking the fucking questions here, private! Do you understand? Private Cowboy: Sir, yes, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Well, thank you very much! Can I be in charge for a while? Private Cowboy: Sir, yes, sir.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Animal Mother: Freedom? [scoffs] Animal Mother: You'd better flush out your head, new guy. This isn't about freedom; this is a slaughter. If I'm gonna get my balls blown off for a word, my word is "poontang".

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Oh that's right, Private Pyle, don't make any fucking effort to get to the top of the fucking obstacle. If God would have wanted you up there he would have miracled your ass up there by now, wouldn't he?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: What's your name, scumbag? Private Snowball: Sir, Private Brown, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Bullshit! From now on you're Private Snowball. Do you like that name? Private Snowball: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Well there's one thing that you won't like, Private Snowball: they don't serve fried chicken and watermelon on a daily basis in my mess hall. Private Snowball: Sir, yes, sir!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Do you think I'm cute, Private Pyle? Do you think I'm funny? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Then wipe that disgusting grin off your face. Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir. [tries to stop smiling] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Well, any fucking time, sweetheart! Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, I'm trying, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle I'm gonna give you three seconds; exactly three-fucking-seconds to wipe that stupid looking grin off your face or I will gouge out your eyeballs and skull-fuck you! ONE! TWO! THREE! Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, I can't help it, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Bullshit! Get on your knees scumbag! [Pyle drops down to his knees] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Now choke yourself. [Pyle wraps his own hands around his throat] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Goddamn it, with MY hand, numb-nuts! [Pyle reaches for Hartman's hand] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Don't pull my fucking hand over there! I said choke yourself; now lean forward and choke yourself! [Pyle does so] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Are you through grinning? Private Gomer Pyle: [gagging] Sir, yes, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Bullshit, I can't hear you! Private Gomer Pyle: [louder] Sir, yes, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Bullshit, I STILL can't hear you! Sound off like you've got a pair! Private Gomer Pyle: SIR, YES, SIR! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: That's enough! Get on your feet. Private Pyle you had best square your ass away and start shitting me Tiffany cufflinks or I will definitely fuck you up! Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: You best unfuck yourself or I will unscrew your head and shit down your NECK!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Are you quitting on me? Well, are you? Then quit, you slimy fucking walrus-looking piece of shit! Get the fuck off of my obstacle! Get the fuck down off of my obstacle! NOW! MOVE IT! Or I'm going to rip your balls off, so you cannot contaminate the rest of the world! I will motivate you, Private Pyle, IF IT SHORT-DICKS EVERY CANNIBAL ON THE CONGO!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Pickett! Pickett: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: 0300. Infantry. Toe Jam! Toe Jam: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: 0300. Infantry. Adams! Adams: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: 1800. Engineers. You go out and find mines. Cowboy! Private Cowboy: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: 0300. Infantry. Taylor! Taylor: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: 0300. Infantry. Joker! Private Joker: Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: 4212. Basic Military Journalism. You gotta be shittin' me, Joker. You think you're Mickey Spillane? You think you're some kind of a fuckin' writer? Private Joker: Sir, I wrote for my high school newspaper, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Jesus H. Christ! You're not a writer. You're a killer! Private Joker: A killer, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Gomer Pyle. GOMER PYLE! Private Gomer Pyle: [staring into space] Sir, yes, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: You forget your fuckin' name? 0300. Infantry. You made it.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle, your ass looks like about a hundred and fifty pounds of chewed bubblegum!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Do any of you people know who Charles Whitman was? None of you dumbasses knows? Private Cowboy? Private Cowboy: Sir, he was that guy who shot all those people from that tower in Austin, Texas, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: That's affirmative. Charles Whitman killed twelve people from a twenty-eight-story observation tower at the University of Texas from distances up to four hundred yards. Anybody know who Lee Harvey Oswald was? Private Snowball? Private Snowball: Sir, he shot Kennedy, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: That's right, and do you know how far away he was? Private Snowball: Sir, it was pretty far! From that book suppository building, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: All right, knock it off! Two hundred and fifty feet! He was two hundred and fifty feet away and shooting at a moving target. Oswald got off three rounds with an old Italian bolt action rifle in only six seconds and scored two hits, including a head shot! Do any of you people know where these individuals learned to shoot? Private Joker? Private Joker: Sir, in the Marines, sir! Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: In the Marines! Outstanding! Those individuals showed what one motivated marine and his rifle can do! And before you ladies leave my island, you will be able to do the same thing!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Joker: [narrating] Graduation is only a few days away, and the recruits of Platoon 3092 are salty. They are ready to eat their own guts and ask for seconds. The drill instructors are proud to see that we are growing beyond their control. The Marine Corps does not want robots. The Marine Corps wants killers. The Marine Corps wants to build indestructible men, men without fear.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Joker: Is that you, John Wayne? Is this me? Private Cowboy: Hey, start the cameras. This is "Vietnam - the Movie." Private Eightball: Yeah, Joker can be John Wayne. I'll be a horse. Donlon: T.H.E. Rock can be a rock. T.H.E. Rock: I'll be Ann-Margret. Doc Jay: Animal Mother can be a rabid buffalo. Crazy Earl: I'll be General Custer. Private Rafterman: Well, who'll be the Indians? Animal Mother: Hey, we'll let the gooks play the Indians.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Eightball: Oh, sheeit! [laughs] Private Eightball: This baby-san looks like she can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Cowboy: Tough break for Hand Job. He was all set to get shipped out on a medical. Private Joker: What was the matter with him? Private Cowboy: He was jerkin' off ten times a day. Private Eightball: No shit. At least ten times a day. Private Cowboy: Last week he was sent down to Da Nang to see the Navy head shrinker, and the crazy fucker starts jerking off in the waiting room. Instant Section Eight. He was just waiting for his papers to clear division.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Cowboy: Don't shit me, man! Private Joker: I wouldn't shit you. You're my favorite turd!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Cowboy: I think what she's trying to say is that you black boys pack too much meat.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Are you shook up? Are you nervous? Private Cowboy: Sir, I am, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Do I make you nervous? Private Cowboy: Sir? Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: "Sir" what? Were you about to call me an asshole?

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: [after discovering Private Pyle's unlocked footlocker] Jesus H Christ. Private Pyle, why is your footlocker unlocked? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, I don't know, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Private Pyle, if there is one thing in this world that I hate, it is an unlocked footlocker! You know that don't you? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, yes, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: If it wasn't for dickheads like you, there wouldn't be any thievery in this world, would there? Private Gomer Pyle: Sir, no, sir. Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: GET DOWN!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Lt. Lockhart: Charlie has hit every major military target in Vietnam, and hit 'em hard. In Saigon, the United States Embassy has been overrun by suicide squads. Khe Sahn is standing by to be overrun. We also have reports that a division of N.V.A. has occupied all of the city of Hue south of the Perfume River. In strategic terms, Charlie's cut the country in half... the civilian press are about to wet their pants and we've heard even Cronkite's going to say the war is now unwinnable. In other words, it's a huge shit sandwich, and we're all gonna have to take a bite. Private Joker: Sir... does this mean that Ann-Margret's not coming? Lt. Lockhart: Joker... I want you to get straight up to Phu Bai. Captain January will need all his people. Private Joker: Yes, sir. Lt. Lockhart: And Joker, you will take off that damn button. How's it gonna look if you get killed wearing a peace symbol? Private Rafterman: Sir? Permission to go with Joker? Lt. Lockhart: Permission granted. Private Rafterman: Thank you, sir. Private Joker: Sir, permission not to take Rafterman with me? Lt. Lockhart: You still here? Vanish, Joker, most ricky-tick, and take Rafterman with you. You're responsible for him.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Eightball: Now you might not believe it, but under fire Animal Mother is one of the... finest human beings in the world. All he needs is somebody to throw hand grenades at him the rest of his life.

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ [when Private Pyle is on the obstacle course] Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: Get your fat ass up there! I'll bet if there was some pussy up there you would get up there, wouldn't you? Private Pyle: Sir, yes sir!

§Full Metal Jacket ¤ Private Eightball: Personally, I think, uh... they don't really want to be involved in this war. You know, I mean... they sort of took away our freedom and gave it to the, to the gookers, you know. But they don't want it. They'd rather be alive than free, I guess. Poor dumb bastards.

§Incendies ¤ Simon Marwan: One plus one, does it make one?

§Incendies ¤ Notary Jean Lebel: Death is never the end of the story. It always leaves tracks.

§Incendies ¤ Soldier/Security Guard: Good morning, beautiful. Nawal Marwan: Good morning. Soldier/Security Guard: You want to go out with us Thursday night? Nawal Marwan: No. Soldier/Security Guard: Friday? Nawal Marwan: No. Soldier/Security Guard: Saturday? Nawal Marwan: No. Soldier/Security Guard: [shouting] We are very patient! Nawal Marwan: So am I.

§Incendies ¤ Notary Jean Lebel: Will of Mrs. Nawal Marwan... To Notary Jean Lebel: Bury me with no casket, no prayers, naked, face down, away from the world. Stone and epitaph. I want no gravestone, nor my name engraved anywhere. No epitaph for those who don't keep their promises. To Jeanne and Simon: Childhood is a knife stuck in your throat. It can't be easily removed. Jeanne, Mr Lebel will give you an envelope. The envelope is for your father. Find him, and give it to him. Simon, the notary will give you an envelope... The envelope is for your brother. Find him, and give him the envelope. When the envelopes have been delivered you will be given a letter. The silence will be broken, a promise kept, and you can place a stone on my grave and on it engrave my name in the sun.

§Incendies ¤ Nawal Marwan: But I say your story begins with a promise, to break the chain of anger.

§Incendies ¤ Mathematics Professor: The mathematics you've studied until now have sought to provide clear and definitive answers to clear and definitive problems. Now you are embarking on a new adventure. You will face insoluble problems that will lead to other, equally insoluble problems. Friends will insist that the object of your toil is futile. You'll have no way of defending yourself. For the problems will be of mind-boggling complexity. Welcome to pure mathematics, and the realm of solitude.

§Incendies ¤ [subtitled version] Notary Jean Lebel: [after making a promise] To a notary, Mr. Marwan, a promise is a sacred thing.

§Incendies ¤ Jeanne Marwan: Are you okay? Simon Marwan: One plus one... that makes two. Jeanne Marwan: What? Simon Marwan: One plus one makes two. You can not make one. Jeanne Marwan: Hey, you have a fever. Simon Marwan: Jeanne? One plus one, does it make one?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [last lines] Alex: I was cured, all right!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: It's funny how the colors of the real world only seem really real when you viddy them on the screen.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Conspirator: Do you still feel suicidal? Alex: Well, put it this way, I feel very low in myself. I can't see much in the future, and I feel that any second something terrible is going to happen to me. [slumps into spaghetti]

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Prison Chaplain: Goodness is something to be chosen. When a man cannot choose he ceases to be a man.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [first lines] Alex: There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim, and we sat in the Korova Milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening. The Korova milkbar sold milk-plus, milk plus vellocet or synthemesc or drencrom, which is what we were drinking. This would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of the old ultra-violence.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [listening to Beethoven's Ninth Symphony] Alex: Oh bliss! Bliss and heaven! Oh, it was gorgeousness and gorgeousity made flesh. It was like a bird of rarest-spun heaven metal or like silvery wine flowing in a spaceship, gravity all nonsense now. As I slooshied, I knew such lovely pictures!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: No. No! NO! Stop it! Stop it, please! I beg you! This is sin! This is sin! This is sin! It's a sin, it's a sin, it's a sin! Dr. Brodsky: Sin? What's all this about sin? Alex: That! Using Ludwig van like that! He did no harm to anyone. Beethoven just wrote music! Dr. Branom: Are you referring to the background score? Alex: Yes. Dr. Branom: You've heard Beethoven before? Alex: Yes! Dr. Brodsky: So, you're keen on music? Alex: YES! Dr. Brodsky: Can't be helped. Here's the punishment element perhaps.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: No time for the old in-n-out, love, I've just come to read the meter.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Ho, ho, ho! Well, if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap, stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly thou!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: As we walked along the flatblock marina, I was calm on the outside, but thinking all the time. So now it was to be Georgie the general, saying what we should do and what not to do, and Dim as his mindless greeding bulldog. But suddenly I viddied that thinking was for the gloopy ones and that the oomny ones use, like, inspiration and what Bog sends. For now it was lovely music that came to my aid. There was a window open with the stereo on and I viddied right at once what to do.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Psychiatrist: Now then. Each of the slides needs a reply from one of the people in the picture. You tell me what you think the person would say. Alright? Alex: Righty right. Psychiatrist: [Changes to a slide with two people looking at a peacock] "Isn't the plumage beautiful?" Alex: I just say what the other person would say? Psychiatrist: Yes. Alex: Isn't the plumage beautiful... Psychiatrist: Oh yes well don't think about it too long, just say the first thing that pops into your mind. Alex: Cabbages, knickers, uh, it's not got a... A BEAK! [laughs] Psychiatrist: Good. [Changes to a slide with a women and two boys] Psychiatrist: "The boy you always quarrelled with is seriously ill." Alex: My mind is a blank. Uh, and I'll smash your face for you, yarblockos! [laughs] Psychiatrist: Good. [Changes slide to a man climbing into a naked woman's bedroom] Psychiatrist: "What do you want?" Alex: Uh, no time for the ol' in-out, love. I've just come to read the meter! Psychiatrist: Good. [Changes slide to a man in a clock store] Psychiatrist: "You sold me a crummy watch, I want my money back." Alex: You know what you can do with that watch? Stick it up your ass! [laughs] Psychiatrist: Good. [Changes slide to woman handing bird eggs to a man] Psychiatrist: "You can do whatever you like with these." Alex: Eggiweggs. I would like... to smash them. And pick 'em all up, and THROW- [moves injured arm] Alex: OW! Fucking hell! Psychiatrist: Well there, that's all there is to it. Are you alright? Alex: Hope so. Is that the end then? Psychiatrist: Yes. Alex: I was quite enjoying that. Psychiatrist: Good, I'm glad! Alex: How many did I get right? Psychiatrist: It's not that kind of a test, but you seem well on the way to making a complete recovery!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Viddy well, little brother. Viddy well.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: I woke up. The pain and sickness all over me like an animal. Then I realized what it was. The music coming up from the floor was our old friend, Ludwig Van, and the dreaded Ninth Symphony.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [Alex has just struck Dim on the legs] Dim: What did you do that for? Alex: For being a bastard with no manners, and not a dook of an idea how to comport yourself public-wise, O my brother. Dim: I don't like you should do what you done, and I'm not your brother no more and wouldn't want to be. Alex: Watch that. Do watch that, O Dim, if to continue to be on live thou dost wish. Dim: Yarbles! Great bolshy yarblockos to you. I'll meet you with chain or nozh or britva anytime, not having you aiming tolchocks at me reasonless. Well, it stands to reason I won't have it. Alex: A nozh scrap any time you say. Dim: Doobidoob. A bit tired, maybe. Best not to say more. Bedways is rightways now, so best we go homeways and get a bit of spatchka. Right, right?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: It had been a wonderful evening and what I needed now to give it the perfect ending was a bit of the old Ludwig van.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [Alex chats up two girls sucking penis-shaped lollies] Alex: Enjoying that are you my darlin'? Bit cold and pointless isn't it my lovely? What's happened to yours my little sister?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [about his wife] Frank Alexander: She was very badly raped, you see! We were assaulted by a gang of vicious, young, hoodlums in this house! In this very room you are sitting in now! I was left a helpless cripple, but for her the agony was too great! The doctor said it was pneumonia; because it happened some months later! During a flu epidemic! The doctors told me it was pneumonia, but I knew what it was! A VICTIM OF THE MODERN AGE! Poor, poor girl!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Hi, hi, hi there! At last we meet. Our brief govoreet through the letter-hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: I jumped, O my brothers, and I fell hard but I did not snuff it, oh no. if I had snuffed it, I would not be here to tell what I have told.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: What you got back home, little sister, to play your fuzzy warbles on? I bet you got little save pitiful, portable picnic players. Come with uncle and hear all proper! Hear angel trumpets and devil trombones. You are invited.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [Alex has the tramp pinned down] Tramp: Well, go on, do me in you bastard cowards! I don't want to live anyway, not in a stinking world like this! Alex: Oh? And what's so stinking about it? Tramp: It's a stinking world because there's no law and order anymore! It's a stinking world because it lets the young get on to the old, like you done. Oh, it's no world for an old man any longer. What sort of a world is it at all? Men on the moon, and men spinning around the earth, and there's not no attention paid to earthly law and order no more. [He starts singing another song, and Alex and his droogs proceed to beat him]

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Suddenly, I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do, and that was to do myself in; to snuff it, to blast off for ever out of this wicked, cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and, then, sleep for ever, and ever and ever.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Minister: What crime did you commit? Alex: The accidental killing of a person, sir. Chief Guard Barnes: He brutally murdered a woman, sir, in furtherance of theft. Fourteen years, sir! Minister: Excellent. He's enterprising, aggressive, outgoing, young, bold, vicious. He'll do. Governor: Well, fine, we could still look at C-block... Minister: No, no, no. That's enough. He's perfect. I want his records sent to me. This vicious young hoodlum will be transformed out of all recognition. Alex: Thank you very much for this chance, sir. Minister: Let's hope you make the most of it, my boy.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Prison Chaplain: Choice! The boy has not a real choice, has he? Self-interest, the fear of physical pain drove him to that grotesque act of self-abasement. The insincerity was clear to be seen. He ceases to be a wrongdoer. He ceases also to be a creature capable of moral choice. Minister: Padre, there are subtleties! We are not concerned with motives, with the higher ethics. We are concerned only with cutting down crime and with relieving the ghastly congestion in our prisons. He will be your true Christian, ready to turn the other cheek, ready to be crucified rather than crucify, sick to the heart at the thought of killing a fly. Reclamation! Joy before the angels of God! The point is that it works.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Hey dad, there's a strange fella sittin' on the sofa munchy-wunching lomticks of toast. Dad: That's Joe. He lives here now. The lodger, that's what he is. He rents your room.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Naughty, naughty, naughty! You filthy old soomka!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: We were all feeling a bit shagged and fagged and fashed, it being a night of no small expenditure.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Initiative comes to thems that wait.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ [Staring at Alex's penis] Chief Guard Barnes: Are you now, or have you ever been a homosexual?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: You needn't take it any further, sir. You've proved to me that all this ultraviolence and killing is wrong, wrong, and terribly wrong. I've learned me lesson, sir. I've seen now what I've never seen before. I'm cured! Praise god! Dr. Brodsky: You're not cured yet, boy.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Minister: Oh, yes. I understand you're fond of music. I have arranged a little surprise for you. Alex: Surprise? Minister: One that I hope that you will like. As a um... how shall we put it? As a symbol of our new understanding. An understanding between two friends.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Minister: Punishment means nothing to them, you can see that. They enjoy their so-called punishment. Alex: You're absolutely right, sir. Chief Guard Barnes: Shut your bleeding hole!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Tramp: Can ye spare some cutter, me brothers?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Frank Alexander: [hears knocking on the door] Who on Earth could that be? Julian: I'll see who it is. [goes to the front door] Julian: Yes, what is it? Alex: [barely audible] Help... please... help... help. Julian: [opens the door and Alex collapses at the doorway. He carries Alex into the house] Frank, I think this young man needs some help. Frank Alexander: [surprised by Alex's poor condition] My God! What happened to you, my boy? Alex: [voice-over] And would you believe it, o my brothers and only friends. There was your faithful narrator being held helpless, like a babe in arms, and suddenly realizing where he was and why home on the gate had looked so familiar, but I knew I was safe. For in those care-free days, I and my so-called droogies wore our maskies, which were like real horror-show disguises. Alex: [nervous] Police... ghastly horrible police... they beat me up, sir. [sees Frank has a foul look on his face, apparently not believing him] Alex: The police beat me up, sir. Frank Alexander: [excited] I know you! [pauses] Frank Alexander: Isn't it your picture in the newspapers? Didn't I see you on the video this morning? Are you not the poor victim of this horrible new technique? Alex: [relieved] Yes, sir! That's exactly who I am and what I am, sir. A victim, sir! Frank Alexander: Then, by God, you've been sent here by providence! Tortured in prison, then thrown out to be tortured by the police. My heart goes out to you, poor, poor boy. Oh, you are not the first to come here in distress. The police are fond of bringing their victims to the outskirts of this village. But it is providential that you, who are also another kind of victim should come here. Frank Alexander: [finally remembering Alex's state] Oh, but you're cold and shivering. Julian, draw a bath for this young man. Julian: Certainly, Frank. Alex: [as he is being carried off by Julian] Thank you very much, sir. God bless you, sir.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ P.R. Deltoid: [giggling maniacally] You are now a murderer, Alex! A murderer! Alex: Not true, sir. It was only a slight tolchock. She was breathing, I swear it! P.R. Deltoid: I've just come from the hospital! Your victim has died! Alex: You try to frighten me, admit so, sir. This is some new form of torture! Say it, Brother Sir. P.R. Deltoid: It'll be your own torture. I hope to God it'll torture you to madness! Det. Const. Tom: [to Deltoid] If you'd like to give him a quick bash in the chops, sir, don't mind us. We'll hold him down. He must be a great disappointment to you, sir. [Deltoid slowly gathers saliva and spits in Alex's face]

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Frank Alexander: Food alright? Alex: Great sir, great! Frank Alexander: Try the wine!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: The Durango '95 purred away a real horrowshow - a nice, warm vibraty feeling all through your guttiwuts. And soon it was trees and dark, my brothers, with real country dark.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Excuse me, Mrs. Can you please help? There's been a terrible accident! My friend's in the middle of the road bleeding to death! Can I please use your telephone for an ambulance?

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Appy-polly-loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for wakening.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: And the first thing that flashed into my gulliver was that I'd like to have her right down there on the floor with the old in-out, real savage.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Minister: As I was saying, Alex, you can be instrumental in changing the public verdict. Do you understand, Alex? Have I made myself clear? Alex: As an unmuddied lake, friend. As clear as an azure sky of deepest summer. You can rely on me, friend.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Minister: Public opinion has a way of changing.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Mum: But you've not been to school all week, son. Alex: Got to rest, Mum. Got to get fit. Otherwise I'm liable to miss a lot more school.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: Where's my snake? Dad: Well, he... he met with like an accident. He passed away.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Georgie: [They've just stopped a band of tramps from beating up Alex] What's the trouble, sir? Alex: [looks up and recognizes them] Oh no! Dim: Well. Well, well. Well, well, well, well, if it isn't little Alex. Long time no viddy, droog. How goes? Alex: It's... it's impossible. I don't believe it. Georgie: Evidence of the old glazzies. Nothing up their sleeves. No magic, little Alex. A job for two, who are now of job age. The police.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Minister: You seem to have a whole ward to yourself, my boy. Alex: Yes, sir, and a very lonely place it is too, sir, when I wake up in the middle of the night with my pain. Minister: Yes... well, good to see you on the mend!

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Alex: I've suffered the tortures of the damned, sir [with innocent reinforcement] Alex: - tortures of the damned.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Tramp: In Dublin's fair city / Where the girls are so pretty, / I first set my eyes on sweet Molly Malone. / As she wheel'd her wheel barrow, / Thro' streets broad and narrow, / Crying "cockles and mussels alive alive O!" / "alive, alive O! Alive, alive O! / Crying Cockles and Mussels alive, alive O!" / As everybody's knowing, You've got a decent tongue, / Whene'er it's set agoing.

§A Clockwork Orange ¤ Prison Chaplain: What's it going to be, eh? Is it going to be in and out of institutions like this? Well, more in and out for most of ya! Or are you going to attend to the Divine Word and realise the punishments that await unrepentant sinners in the next world as well as this? A lot of idiots you are, selling your own birthright for a saucer of cold porridge! The thrill of theft! Of violence! The urge to live easy! Well, I ask you what is it worth when we have undeniable truth - yes! Incontrovertible evidence that Hell exists! I know! I know my friends! I have been informed in visions that there is a place darker than any prison, hotter than any flame of human fire, where souls of unrepentant criminal sinners like yourselves...! [an inmate belches, prompting the rest to laugh] Prison Chaplain: Don't you laugh, damn you! Don't you laugh! I say like yourselves scream in endless and unendurable agony! Their skin rotting and peeling! A fireball spinning in their screaming guts! I know! Oh yes, I know! [Another inmate makes a raspberry noise, prompting them to laugh again]

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: I'm angry. I'm very angry, Ralph. You know, you can ball my wife if she wants you to. You can lounge around here on her sofa, in her ex-husband's dead-tech, post-modernistic bullshit house if you want to. But you do not get to watch my fucking television set!

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: My life's a disaster zone. I got a stepdaughter so fucked up because her real father's this large-type asshole. I got a wife, we're passing each other on the down-slope of a marriage - my third - because I spend all my time chasing guys like you around the block. That's my life. Neil McCauley: A guy told me one time, "Don't let yourself get attached to anything you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you feel the heat around the corner." Now, if you're on me and you gotta move when I move, how do you expect to keep a... a marriage?

§Heat ¤ [McCauley calls Van Zant on the phone] Roger Van Zant: What are you doing? Neil McCauley: What am I doing? I'm talking to an empty telephone. Roger Van Zant: I don't understand. Neil McCauley: 'Cause there is a dead man on the other end of this fuckin' line

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: You know, we are sitting here, you and I, like a couple of regular fellas. You do what you do, and I do what I gotta do. And now that we've been face to face, if I'm there and I gotta put you away, I won't like it. But I tell you, if it's between you and some poor bastard whose wife you're gonna turn into a widow, brother, you are going down. Neil McCauley: There is a flip side to that coin. What if you do got me boxed in and I gotta put you down? Cause no matter what, you will not get in my way. We've been face to face, yeah. But I will not hesitate. Not for a second.

§Heat ¤ [last lines] Neil McCauley: Told you I'm never going back... Vincent Hanna: Yeah.

§Heat ¤ Alan Marciano: Why'd I get mixed up with that bitch? Vincent Hanna: Cause she's got a great ass... and you got your head all the way up it! Ferocious, aren't I? When I think of asses, a woman's ass, something comes out of me.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: Who? Who? What are you, a fucking owl?

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: I got an idea... of what they're looking at. Vincent Hanna: You wanna know what they're looking at? Vincent Hanna: I mean - is this guy something, or is he something? Vincent Hanna: This crew is good. Vincent Hanna: You know what they're looking at? Schwartz: What? Vincent Hanna: Us. The L-A-P-D. Po-lice Department... We just got made.

§Heat ¤ Eady: You travel a lot? Neil McCauley: Yeah. Eady: Traveling makes you lonely? Neil McCauley: I'm alone, I am not lonely.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: So you never wanted a regular type life? Neil McCauley: What the fuck is that? Barbeques and ballgames?

§Heat ¤ [repeated line] Neil McCauley: Don't let yourself get attached to anything you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you feel the heat around the corner.

§Heat ¤ Michael Cheritto: Well ya know, for me, the action is the juice.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: What are you, a monk? Neil McCauley: I have a woman. Vincent Hanna: What do you tell her? Neil McCauley: I tell her I'm a salesman. Vincent Hanna: So then, if you spot me coming around that corner... you just gonna walk out on this woman? Not say good bye? Neil McCauley: That's the discipline. Vincent Hanna: That's pretty vacant, you know. Neil McCauley: Yeah, it is what it is. It's that or we both better go do something else, pal. Vincent Hanna: I don't know how to do anything else. Neil McCauley: Neither do I. Vincent Hanna: I don't much want to either. Neil McCauley: Neither do I.

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: I do what I do best, I take scores. You do what you do best, try to stop guys like me.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: I say what I mean, and I do what I say.

§Heat ¤ Richard Torena: I'm a good citizen. Vincent Hanna: I'm Donald Duck!

§Heat ¤ Albert Torena: Where's your empathy, brother? It's a substance abuse problem. Vincent Hanna: Empathy was yesterday. Today, you're wasting my motherfucking time.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: Seven years in Folsom. In the hole for three. McNeil before that. McNeil as tough as they say? Neil McCauley: You lookin' to become a penologist? Vincent Hanna: You lookin' to go back? You know, I chased down some crews; guys just lookin' to fuck up, get busted back. That you? Neil McCauley: You must've worked some dipshit crews. Vincent Hanna: I worked all kinds. Neil McCauley: You see me doin' thrill-seeker liquor store holdups with a "Born to Lose" tattoo on my chest? Vincent Hanna: No, I do not. Neil McCauley: Right. I am never goin' back. Vincent Hanna: Then don't take down scores.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: I gotta hold on to my angst. I preserve it because I need it. It keeps me sharp, on the edge, where I gotta be.

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: I don't even know what I'm doing anymore. I know life is short, whatever time you get is luck. You want to walk? You walk right now. Or on your own... on your own you choose to come with me. And all I know is... all I know is there's no point in me going anywhere anymore if it's going to be alone... without you.

§Heat ¤ Chris Shiherlis: For me the sun rises and sets with her, man.

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: [to Eady in her studio, referring to Michael after the bank robbery] He knew the risks, he didn't have to be there. It rains... you get wet.

§Heat ¤ [McCauley, Shiherlis, and Cheritto enter the lobby of the Far East Bank from different entrances, disguised as customers. Shiherlis steps up to the desk. Cheritto coughs, signalling for him and McCauley to put on their ski masks. At the desk, Shiherlis suddenly spins around and attacks one security guard, and McCauley and Cheritto draw their guns, while Shiherlis ties up and disarms the guard he has tackled, then puts his mask on] Neil McCauley: [draws his gun on another guard] Don't move! Don't fuckin' move! Put your hands in the air! Put your hands in the air! Put 'em up! [the terrified guard puts his hands up] Neil McCauley: Get on your knees! Get on your knees! [McCauley binds the guard's hands behind his back and then pushes him to the ground. McCauley then gets up on the top of one of the desks] Neil McCauley: We want to hurt no one! We're here for the bank's money, not your money. Your money is insured by the federal government, you're not gonna lose a dime! Think of your families, don't risk your life. Don't try and be a hero!

§Heat ¤ Justine Hanna: I guess the earth shattered? Vincent Hanna: So why didn't you let Bosko take you home? Justine Hanna: I didn't wanna ruin their night too. What was it? Vincent Hanna: You don't wanna know. Justine Hanna: I'd like to know what's behind that grim look on your face. Vincent Hanna: I don't do that. You know it. Let's go, come on. Justine Hanna: You never told me I'd be excluded. Vincent Hanna: I told you, when we hooked up, baby, that you were gonna have to share me with all the bad people and all the ugly events on this planet. Justine Hanna: And I bought into that sharing. Because I love you. I love you fat, bald, money, no money, driving a bus - I don't care. But you have got to be present like a normal guy, some of the time. That's sharing. This is not sharing, this is left overs. Vincent Hanna: Oh, I see, what I should do is, er, come home and say "Hi honey! Guess what? I walked into this house today, where this junkie asshole just fried his baby in a microwave, because it was crying too loud. So let me share that with you. Come on, let's share that, and in sharing it, we'll somehow, er, cathartically dispel all that heinous shit". Right? [pause] Vincent Hanna: Wrong.

§Heat ¤ Charlene Shiherlis: What else are you selling? Sgt. Drucker: All kinds of shit. But I don't have to sell this and you know it, 'cause this kind of shit here sells itself.

§Heat ¤ Chris Shiherlis: When are you gonna get some furniture? Neil McCauley: When I get around to it.

§Heat ¤ Chris Shiherlis: When are you gonna get a lady? Neil McCauley: When I get around to it.

§Heat ¤ Lillian Breedan: I met the manager. Is that the boss? Donald Breedan: I did time for what that motherfucker does every day! Lillian Breedan: Baby - can you just handle it till we find you something new? Can you do that? Donald Breedan: Ain't a hard time been invented that I cannot handle... What you hangin' with me for, Lily? Lillian Breedan: Because I'm proud of you. Donald Breedan: [snickers] You're proud of me? What the hell're you proud of me for? Lillian Breedan: Come on home.

§Heat ¤ Justine Hanna: You don't live with me, you live among the remains of dead people. You sift through the detritus, you read the terrain, you search for signs of passing, for the scent of your prey, and then you hunt them down. That's the only thing you're committed to. The rest is the mess you leave as you pass through.

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: Take off your shirt. Dr. Bob: What? Neil McCauley: Take off your shirt. Dr. Bob: My - my God - my daughter gave it to me for Father's Day... Neil McCauley: I don't give a shit who gave it to you, take it off!

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: You know what? Neil is gone. Bam! Flying like a bird. Detective Casals: Vincent, how do you? We still got bait. Maybe some time. Vincent Hanna: Got. Got. What've we got? *What've we got?* Bon voyage, motherfucker. You were good. I'm going to the hotel. Gonna take a shower. Gonna sleep, for a month.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: That's exactly what they're gonna do, they're gonna walk. This is my operation, I have tactical command that supercedes your rank, they will walk away and you will let them...

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: It's like you said. All I am is what I'm going after.

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: L.A.P.D. Gee, what, where the fuck did this heat come from? Chris Shiherlis: Maybe it's the score they were onto, the place, not us. 'Cause it's been hit a couple of times, you know, or something? Neil McCauley: Assume they got our phones, assume they got our houses, assume they got us, right here, right now as we sit, everything. Assume it all.

§Heat ¤ Richard Torena: There's this cat I was locked up with in Folsom: did a couple, two-three years. He got out, and I ran into him. Vincent Hanna: [pauses, waiting for Richard to continue] And so? Richard Torena: He's a big fiend for action. Now if he'd said nothin', I'd have thought nothin'. But he goes on and on running down to me about how he ain't been doing nothin' and nothin's been going on and all this other bullshit, so right then and there I know: this cat's got somethin' goin' down. Vincent Hanna: [long pause] Pretty fuckin' great. Vincent Hanna: [to Albert] Albert, what's wrong with you? You drag me here, waste my time like this. Vincent Hanna: [to Richard] You saw a guy, on the street, who's an ex-con? Richard Torena: That's right. Vincent Hanna: Well I am... over-fuckin' whelmed. What d'you want for that, a junior g-man badge? Richard Torena: Hey man, you gonna make the call on them Porsches or what? Vincent Hanna: [to Albert] Is he fucking kidding me? [gets up to leave]

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: [about dreams] I have one where I'm drowning. And I gotta wake myself up and start breathing or I'll die in my sleep. Vincent Hanna: You know what that's about? Neil McCauley: Yeah. Having enough time. Vincent Hanna: Enough time? To do what you wanna do? Neil McCauley: That's right. Vincent Hanna: You doin' it now? Neil McCauley: No, not yet.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: [Over the phone with Schwartz with Drucker listening in] Here's the update: Hugh Benny has reformed his wayward life and become a "born again good citizen", apparently Neil got sold out to us by a cowboy named "Waingro", Waingro used to be a part of Neil's crew then he went to work for a money launderer named Van Zant ,units are at Van Zant's house as we speak because he got shot dead earlier tonight, if Neil goes after anyone else, it's going to be Waingro, Waingro just got himself a suite at the airport Marquee under the name "Jameson" he's there now I want you to get that to bail bondsmen, bookies, assignment officers and snitches in county anyone you can think of that will put it out on the street, deploy a team down at the hotel and personally check their COMMS every thirty minutes because maybe Neil would go for him

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: [to Albert] Don't waste my motherfucking time!

§Heat ¤ Chris Shiherlis: Charlene's gonna leave me. Neil McCauley: Why? Chris Shiherlis: Not enough steaks in the freezer.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: So, what do you got for me? Richard Torena: Before we even get into that, there's something we gotta get straight. There's a garage over off Sunset and Fig'. Now if someone were to pay it a visit tonight, they might find a pair of Turbos and a 911 Slope. Vincent Hanna: You're looking to rid yourself of your competition. Richard Torena: Well lemme put it another way, cousin. How do I know, that when I tell you what you wanna know, that you're gonna do what I need fucking done? Albert Torena: Richard, look! Vincent's cool man! He and I have dealings all the time, brother! Vincent Hanna: [puts his arm around Richard's shoulders] I ain't your cousin you rat motherfucker. And you know, because I *say* you know!

§Heat ¤ Sgt. Drucker: You recognize the MO? Vincent Hanna: M.O.? Is that they're good... Once it escalated into a murder one beef for all of 'em after they killed the first two guards, they didn't hesitate. Pop guard number three because... what difference does it make? Why leave a living witness? Drop of a hat these guys will rock and roll...

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: [has gun on a severely injured Waingro] Neil McCauley: Look at me. *Look at me!* Waingro: [doesn't want to and whimpers] Neil McCauley: Look at me! Waingro: [slowly pathetically looks upward] Neil McCauley: [fires two shots into Waingro's chest] Waingro: [makes some wild horrible gasping sound] Neil McCauley: [aims upward and fires a third shot, this one into Waingro's head]

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: Chris. Hey - Chris. Listen to me. Nate's gonna pick you up. He's gonna take you to his place. Chris Shiherlis: Where's Charlene? Neil McCauley: We gotta get outta here. We're all over the six o'clock news. We gotta get outta here. Chris Shiherlis: I'm not going with... out her. Neil McCauley: Think about that. I will meet you at Nate's. Chris Shiherlis: Where're you going? Neil McCauley: I gotta find out if our out got spilled along with every other damn thing. Chris Shiherlis: Who did it? Neil McCauley: Who wasn't there? Trejo. - I'll see you at Nate's.

§Heat ¤ Justine Hanna: You prefer the normal routine. We fuck, then you lose the power of speech.

§Heat ¤ Justine Hanna: In a way, you're a party to this. Vincent Hanna: Oh yeah, I made Ralph fuck you because it makes me feel good.

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: Gimme the key! Bank Guy: What key? [Neil socks bank guy in the face, who tumbles backwards, and extracts the necessary key; the bank guy struggles in pain] Neil McCauley: Don't move! Sit there. Sit there! Let it bleed.

§Heat ¤ Neil McCauley: [In a diner] you live in this neighborhood? Eady: No, I live above Sunset Plaza, it's a little house I rent and it's a little rundown but has a beautiful view, what about you? Neil McCauley: I live in Venice Boulevard, where's your family originally from? Eady: We're Scots Irish, they immigrated to America in the late seventeen hundreds, where are you originally from? Neil McCauley: Bay area. Eady: Are your folks there? Neil McCauley: My mother died a long time ago I don't know where my father is. I have a brother somewhere but sounds like you have a tight family I can tell. In L.A. the city of lights, in Fuji they have these iridescent algae that come out once a year in the water, it looks like L.A. at night. Eady: You've been there? Neil McCauley: No, I'm going there some day.

§Heat ¤ Vincent Hanna: When these guys walk out the door of whatever score they're gonna take next, they're gonna have the surprise of a lifetime.

§Heat ¤ Sergeant Heinz: You taking this one, Lieutenant? Or does it stay in Division? Vincent Hanna: Does this look like gangbangers working the local 7-11 to you? Robbery-Homicide's taking it.

§Heat ¤ [Neil asks Donald to fill in for Trejo] Donald Breedan: Yeah man. Fuck it. You on.

§Up ¤ [Carl, in his once-again airborne house, suddenly hears a knock at the front door] Carl Fredricksen: [Surprised] Russell? [opens the door to find Dug on his doorstep and is very happy] Carl Fredricksen: [Smiles] Dug! Dug: [Looking sad] I was hiding under your porch because I love you. Can I stay? Carl Fredricksen: [Delightfully] Can you stay? Why, you're my dog, aren't you? And I'm your master! Dug: [His sadness turns to happiness. As he happily wags his tail] You are my master? Oh, boy! Oh, boy! [lunges forward and covers Carl in slobbery kisses] Carl Fredricksen: [laughing] Good boy, Dug. You're a good boy.

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: This is crazy. I finally meet my childhood hero and he's trying to kill us. What a joke. Dug: Hey, I know a joke! A squirrel walks up to a tree and says, "I forgot to store acorns for the winter and now I am dead." Ha! It is funny because the squirrel gets dead.

§Up ¤ Russell: That might sound boring, but I think the boring stuff is the stuff I remember the most.

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: Hey, let's play a game. It's called "See Who Can Be Quiet the Longest". Russell: Cool! My mom loves that game!

§Up ¤ Young Ellie: [to Carl] You don't talk much... I like you!

§Up ¤ Young Ellie: [Ellie opens her Adventure Book to reveal to Carl a "Life" magazine with Charles Muntz on the cover] You know him. [Carl gasps] Young Ellie: Charles Muntz, explorer. When I get big, I'm going where he's going, [pulls away the magazine to reveal a map of...] Young Ellie: South America. It's like America, but south.

§Up ¤ Construction Foreman Tom: This is serious. He's out to get your house! Carl Fredricksen: Tell your boss he can *have* our house. Construction Foreman Tom: Really? Carl Fredricksen: When I'm dead! [goes inside and slams the front door] Construction Foreman Tom: I'll take that as a maybe!

§Up ¤ Russell: [reading from his scout handbook in monotone] Good afternoon. My name is Russell, and I am a Wilderness Explorer in Tribe 54, Sweatlodge 12. Are you in need of any assistance today, sir? Carl Fredricksen: No. Russell: I could help you cross the street. Carl Fredricksen: No. Russell: I could help you cross your yard. Carl Fredricksen: No. Russell: I could help you cross your... porch? Carl Fredricksen: No. Russell: Well, I gotta help you cross *something*!

§Up ¤ Russell: [Whining] I'm tired! My knee hurts! Carl Fredricksen: Which knee? Russell: ...My elbow hurts!

§Up ¤ Alpha, Beta, Gamma: Not you, what do we do with Dug? He has lost the bird, put him in the cone of shame. [Dug whimpers] Dug: [wearing a cone around his head in the next scene, and hangs his head sadly] I do not like the cone of shame.

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: [after his house hits a cliff and shatters a window] I am nobody's master, got it? I don't want you here [points his cane at Dug] Carl Fredricksen: and I don't want you here! [points it at Kevin] Carl Fredricksen: [addressing Russell] I'm stuck with you, but if you two don't clear out of here by the time I count to three... Dug: Oh! A ball! Oh, boy! Oh, boy! A ball! [whines] Carl Fredricksen: Ball? [chuckles] Carl Fredricksen: You want it, boy? Dug: Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Carl Fredricksen: Huh? Huh? Dug: Yes, I do! I so ever do want the ball! Carl Fredricksen: Go get it! [throws the ball] Dug: Oh, boy! Oh, boy! I will go get it and then bring it back! [runs off] Carl Fredricksen: Russell, give me some chocolate. [grabs a piece of chocolate from Russell and throws it into the bushes, leaving Kevin to run off after it]

§Up ¤ [Carl, with his house high in the air, hears a knock at the door and finds Russell on the front porch] Russell: Hi, Mr. Fredricksen! It's me, Russell! Carl Fredricksen: What are you doing out here, kid? Russell: I found the snipe and I followed it under your porch, but this snipe had a long tail and looked more like a large mouse. [Russell's Wilderness Explorers flag blows away in the wind] Russell: Please let me in. Carl Fredricksen: No. [Carl goes inside and slams the door. Russell waits uncertainly a few moments] Carl Fredricksen: [opens the door] Oh, all right. You can come... [Russell races past Carl into the house] Carl Fredricksen: ...in.

§Up ¤ [Carl just saved Russell, tied to a chair, from falling to his death off Muntz' Airship, and leaves him on the porch] Russell: But I want to help! Carl Fredricksen: I don't want your help, I want you safe.

§Up ¤ Russell: A wilderness explorer is a friend to all, be a plant or fish or tiny mole! Carl Fredricksen: That doesn't even rhyme! Russell: [offended] Yeah it does.

§Up ¤ Russell: [points to Kevin] I found the snipe! Carl Fredricksen: [amused] Oh, did you now? [chuckles] Russell: Are they tall? Carl Fredricksen: Oh, yes. They're very tall. Russell: Do they have a lot of colors? Carl Fredricksen: They do, indeed! Russell: Do they like chocolate? Carl Fredricksen: Ye... chocolate? [he turns around and sees Kevin] Carl Fredricksen: Gaah! What is that thing?

§Up ¤ Russell: [off screen in the jungle] Mr. Fredricksen? Am I supposed to dig the hole before or after? Carl Fredricksen: Nyaa! None of my concern! Russell: [after a pause] Oh... It's before! Carl Fredricksen: Nyaa! [covers his ears and shakes his head]

§Up ¤ Russell: [Carl and Russell find Dug in a South American desert; Russel pets him] Hey, I like dogs! Carl Fredricksen: [calling out] We have your dog! Russell: [Dug walks around Russell] Whoa. Carl Fredricksen: I wonder who he belongs to? Russell: Sit, boy. [Dug sits] Russell: Hey look, he's trained! Shake. [Dug shakes his paw] Russell: Uh-huh. Speak. Dug: Hi there. Carl Fredricksen: [He and Russell make surprised exclamations] Did that dog just say "Hi there"? Dug: Oh, yes. Carl Fredricksen: Whaa! Dug: My name is Dug. I have just met you, and I love you. [he jumps up on Carl] Carl Fredricksen: Wha... Dug: My master made me this collar. He is a good and smart master and he made me this collar so that I may speak. Squirrel! [looks to distance for a few seconds] Dug: My master is good and smart. Carl Fredricksen: It's not possible! Dug: Oh, it is because my master is smart! Russell: Cool! What do these do, boy? Russell: [Russell starts to fiddle with a dial on Dug's collar, causing him to cycle through languages and different voices] Hey would you - cuerdo con tigo - I use that collar - watashi wa hanashi ma - to talk with. I would be happy if you stop. Carl Fredricksen: Russell, don't touch that. It could be... radioactive or something. Dug: I am a great tracker. My pack sent me on a special mission, all by myself. Have you seen a bird? I am going to find one, and I am on the scent. I am a great tracker; did I mention that? [Dug is suddenly attacked by Kevin, who shrieks in Dug's face after pinning him to the ground] Dug: Hey, that is the bird! I have never seen one up close, but this is the bird. May I take your bird back to camp as my prisoner? Carl Fredricksen: Yes, yes, take it! And on the way, learn how to bark like a real dog! Dug: Oh, I can bark. [barks] Dug: And this is howling. [howls] Russell: [Kevin screeches] Can we keep him? Please, please, please? Carl Fredricksen: No. Russell: But it's a TALKING DOG! Carl Fredricksen: It's just a weird trick or something. Let's get to the falls.

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: You'd better get up, Russell. Or else, the tigers will come and eat you. Russell: There are no Tigers in South America. Zoology.

§Up ¤ Dog: [to Carl and Russell after Muntz accepts them] I like you temporarily!

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: [to Kevin] Get off my roof! Dug: Yeah! Get off of his... [barks]

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: I can't tell where we are. Russell: Oh, we're in South America, all right. It was a cinch with my Wilderness Explorer GPS. Carl Fredricksen: GP what? Russell: My dad gave it to me; it shows exactly where we are on the planet! [runs to window making beeping sounds] Russell: With this baby, we'll never be lost! [gestures and accidentally throws the unit out the window] Russell: Oops.

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: [after throwing both a ball and chocolate into the jungle to get rid of Dug and Kevin, Carl runs with his house for a considerable distance] There. We should've gone enough. We should be rid of them now. [looks to his left and sees Dug] Dug: [with the ball in his mouth] Hi, Master. [Carl turns to his right and Kevin squawks in his ear]

§Up ¤ Dug: [to the bird Kevin] Won't you please be my prisoner, please, please, please!

§Up ¤ Alpha: Why do I not have the surprised feeling?

§Up ¤ Dug: [With Kevin up on the roof of Carl's house, calling out] The Bird is calling to her babies. Russell: Her babies! Kevin's a Girl?

§Up ¤ Dug: I will stop the dogs! [jumps in front of a pack of dogs] Dug: Stop, you dogs! [Pack of dogs runs past Dug. Alpha grabs Dug by the neck and throws him out of the way, which breaks the cone around his head]

§Up ¤ Alpha: [Through a communicator on Beta's collar] This is Alpha calling Dug. Come in, Dug. Dug: Hi Alpha. Hey, your voice sounds funny. Alpha: I know, I know! Have you seen the bird? Dug: Why, yes. The bird is my prisoner now. Gamma: Yeah, right! [Kevin hisses at the screen] Alpha: Impossible! Where are you? Dug: I am here with the bird, and I will bring it back, and then you will like me. Oh, gotta go. [Russell appears on the screen] Russell: Hey Dug! Who you talking to? Alpha: [the screen goes black] No, wait, wait! Beta: What's Dug doing? Gamma: Why's he with that small mailman? Beta: Where are they? [Alpha locates Dug on GPS] Dug: There he is, come on! [they all dart into the jungle]

§Up ¤ Charles Muntz: Any last words Fredricksen? Come on, spit it out! [Carl spits out his dentures]

§Up ¤ Charles Muntz: Adventure is out there!

§Up ¤ Russell: I've never been in a floating house before. [Russell sees a picture of Ellie and laughs] Russell: Goggles. Look at this stuff. Wow! You're going on a trip? [Russell picks up a picture of Paradise Falls and reads from it] Russell: "Paradise Falls, a land lost in time." You're going to South America, Mr. Fredricksen? [Carl grabs the picture from Russell] Carl Fredricksen: Don't touch that! You'll soil it. Russell: You know, most people take a plane, but you're smart because you'll have all your TV and clocks and stuff.

§Up ¤ Russell: Hey look, buildings! That building's so close, I can almost touch it! Russell: [In Carl's thought] Wow! This is great! You should try this, Mr. Fredricksen! Look, there's a bus stop that could take me home two blocks away! Heyy, I can see your house from here! Carl Fredricksen: [pulling on rope] Don't jerk around so much, kid - [let's go, shocked] Russell: AHH! [fades away] Carl Fredricksen: [back in reality] Well, that's not gonna work.

§Up ¤ Charles Muntz: You know, Carl... these people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories. [Muntz walks to a row of human skulls on a shelf, each wearing a flight helmet] Charles Muntz: A "surveyor" making a map. [knocks over the first skull with his cane] Charles Muntz: A "botanist" cataloguing plants. [knocks over the second skull] Charles Muntz: An old man taking his house to Paradise Falls. [lifts and drops the third skull, which rolls across the floor and stops at Carl's feet] Charles Muntz: That's the best one yet. I can't wait to hear how it ends.

§Up ¤ Russell: [to Carl, about Kevin] This was her favorite candy bar. Because you sent her away, there's more for you.

§Up ¤ Russell: Where are you keeping Kevin? Let me go! Beta: Scream all you want, small mailman. Alpha: None of your mailman friends can hear you. Russell: I'll unleash all my Wilderness Explorer training!

§Up ¤ Dug: Oh, please, oh, please, oh, please be my prisoner! Russell: Dug, stop bothering Kevin! Dug: That man there says I should take the bird... [Kevin squacks at Dug] Dug: ... and I love that man there like he is my master. Carl Fredricksen: I am not your master! Dug: I am warning you once again, bird! Russell: Hey! Quit it! Dug: I am jumping on you now, bird! Carl Fredricksen: Russell, at this rate we'll never get to the falls! Dug: Here, bird!

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: [to Russell] Now, we're gonna walk to the falls quickly and quietly with no rap music or flashdancing. Russell: Uh-huh. Carl Fredricksen: We have three days, at best, before the helium leaks out of those balloons. And if we're not at the falls when that happens... Russell: [behind Carl, obviously distracted, looking down] Sand. Carl Fredricksen: ...we're not getting to the falls. Russell: I found sand! Carl Fredricksen: [looks up at his house, through a window, to where a picture of old Ellie hangs on the wall] Don't you worry, Ellie. We'll get our house over there.

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: [George and A.J. walk up to Carl's door and A.J. knocks on it. Carl opens the door] Morning, gentlemen. Nurse George: Good morning, Mr. Fredricksen. You ready to go? Carl Fredricksen: [chuckles] Ready as I'll ever be. Would you do me a favor and take this? [hands A.J. a suitcase] Carl Fredricksen: I'll meet you at the van in just a minute. I, uh, wanna say one last goodbye to the old place. Nurse George: Sure. Take all the time you need, sir. [Carl slams his door shut] Nurse AJ: That's typical. He's probably going to the bathroom for the 80th time. [they start walking to their van] Nurse George: [sees the mess of helium canisters on Carl's lawn and scoffs] You think he'd take better care of his house. [a large shadow begins to loom up behind them. Many balloons emerge from beneath a tarp and lift Carl's house off of the ground. Both scream. Carl's house hits their van. Its alarm goes off] Carl Fredricksen: Ah, ha ha ha! So long, boys! I'll send you a postcard from Paradise Falls!

§Up ¤ Carl Fredricksen: [Having arrived above Paradise Falls in South America, miles from where they took off] Don't worry, I'll get you down, find a Bus Stop. [cuts off the strings to some of the balloons, allowing the house to descend down] Russell: Whoa, that's s gonna be like a billion transfers to get back to my house...

§Up ¤ Russell: The wilderness must be explored! CA-CA! RAAWWRR!

§Up ¤ [Dug manages to outsmart Alpha] Dog: [All dogs gasp] He wears the cone of shame! [Alpha struggles to get his head unstuck from Between the Steering Wheel. He also damaged his Collar while doing so] Alpha: [Squeaky Voice] Not yet you fools attack! [the other dogs laugh] Alpha: No no! Stop your laughing Get this off of me! Dug: Listen you dog Sit! [Alpha sits, the Other Dogs then do the same] Dog: Yes Alpha! Dug: Hey, I'm not Alpha. He is. Oh!

§Up ¤ Beta: Chocolate, I smell chocolate! Gamma: I'm getting prunes and denture cream! Who are they? Beta: Oh, man, Master will not be pleased. We better tell him someone took the bird. Right, Alpha? Alpha: [in a squeaky voice] No. Soon enough the bird will be ours yet again. Find the scent, my compadres, and you too shall have much rewardings from Master for the toil factor you wage. Beta: Hey, Alpha, I think there's something wrong with your collar. You must have bumped it. Gamma: Yeah, your voice sounds funny! [they both laugh] Alpha: Beta! Gamma! [they both stop laughing] Alpha: Mayhaps you desire to - SQUIRREL! [All of them turn their attention to a nearby tree; slight pause, Gamma whimpers] Alpha: Mayhaps you desire to challenge the ranking that I have been asigned by my strength and cunning... Beta: No, no, no. But maybe Dug would. You might wanna ask him. Gamma: Yeah. I wonder if he's found the bird on his very special mission. Alpha: Do not mention Dug to me at this time. His fool's errand will keep him most occupied. Most occupied, indeed. Ha ha ha! Do you not agree with that which I am saying to you now? Beta: Sure, but the second Master finds out you sent Dug out by himself, none of us will get a treat. [He and Gamma whine] Alpha: [lunges and growls at them] You are wise, my trusted lieutenant.

§Up ¤ Alpha: [In squeaky voice] Master, dinner is ready. Charles Muntz: Oh, yes, broken collar? It's that loose wire again. [fixes the collar] Charles Muntz: There you go, big fella. Alpha: [In deep, intimidating voice] Thank you, Master. Russell: [Nervously] I liked his other voice better.

§Up ¤ Russell: [after Carl's house has fell down to the ground and was presumably destroyed] Sorry about your house, Mr. Fredricksen. Carl Fredricksen: You know... it's just a house.

§Up ¤ Construction Foreman Tom: Hey! 'Morning, Mr. Fredricksen. Need any help there? Carl Fredricksen: No. Yes. Tell your boss over there that you boys are ruining our house. Construction Foreman Tom: Well, just to let you know, my boss would be happy to take this old place off your hands, and for double his last offer! What do you say to that? [Carl blows Tom's hat off with his leaf blower] Construction Foreman Tom: Uh, I take that as a no, then. Carl Fredricksen: I believe I made my position to your boss quite clear. Construction Foreman Tom: You poured prune juice in his gas tank. Carl Fredricksen: [snickers] Oh, yeah, that was good.

§Up ¤ [Muntz had just taken Kevin, and set Carl's House on Fire, which popped some of the balloons and left it floating only inches to the ground] Russell: You gave away Kevin. You just... gave her away. Carl Fredricksen: This is none of my concern. [Turns around, Furious after what happened] Carl Fredricksen: I DIDN'T ASK FOR ANY OF THIS. Dug: Master, it's alright. Carl Fredricksen: I AM NOT YOUR MASTER! AND YOU DIDN'T SHOW UP, NONE OF THIS WOULDN'T HAVE HAPPENED. BAD DOG! BAD DOG! Now whether you assist me or not, I am going to Paradise Falls, if it kills me.

§Up ¤ Charles Muntz: [on board his Spirit of Adventure airship] Does anyone know WHERE THEY ARE? [Russell is suddenly dragged across the large window by a garden hose. Muntz stares while his eye twitches]

§Up ¤ Russell: Oh! Mr. Fredricksen! If we happen to get separated, use the wilderness explorer call: "CA - CA! RAWRRR!"

§Up ¤ Dug: I can smell you! Carl Fredricksen: [confused] What? You can, smell us? Dug: I can smell you! Russell: [when Carl realizes that the "person" he's talking to is actually a rock, laughing] You were talking to a rock.

§Up ¤ Russell: [Distracting the Dogs on the planes after having managed to finally climb up the hose onto Carl's Porch of his house floating around Muntz' Airship] Hey look, Squirrel! Beta, Gamma, Omega: Where? Lemme at em. [Beta, Gamma and Omega all crash into each other, destroying their planes as they activate their parachutes] Gamma: [Slowly descending] I hate Squirrels!

§Up ¤ [Having had a good read of Ellie's book she made many years ago, Carl finally starts to have a Change of Heart] Carl Fredricksen: [Walking outside] Russell? [Still mad at Carl, Russell takes some of the Balloons from his Roof, ties them around his waste, and takes Carl's Leaf Blower] Carl Fredricksen: Russell, what are you doing? Russell: I'm Gonna help Kevin, even if you won't. [Russell starts up the Leaf Blower and disappears into the Clouds] Carl Fredricksen: Russell, No!

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: I remember when my daddy gave me that gun. He told me that I should never point it at anything in the house; and that he'd rather I'd shoot at tin cans in the backyard. But he said that sooner or later he supposed the temptation to go after birds would be too much, and that I could shoot all the blue jays I wanted - if I could hit 'em; but to remember it was a sin to kill a mockingbird. Jem: Why? Atticus Finch: Well, I reckon because mockingbirds don't do anything but make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat people's gardens, don't nest in the corncrib, they don't do one thing but just sing their hearts out for us.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Rev. Sykes: Miss Jean Louise. Miss Jean Louise, stand up. Your father's passing.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: [his closing statement] To begin with, this case should never have come to trial. The state has not produced one iota of medical evidence that the crime Tom Robinson is charged with ever took place... It has relied instead upon the testimony of two witnesses, whose evidence has not only been called into serious question on cross-examination, but has been flatly contradicted by the defendant. Now, there is circumstantial evidence to indicate that Mayella Ewel was beaten - savagely, by someone who led exclusively with his left. And Tom Robinson now sits before you having taken the oath with the only good hand he possesses... his RIGHT. I have nothing but pity in my heart for the chief witness for the State. She is the victim of cruel poverty and ignorance. But my pity does not extend so far as to her putting a man's life at stake, which she has done in an effort to get rid of her own guilt. Now I say "guilt," gentlemen, because it was guilt that motivated her. She's committed no crime - she has merely broken a rigid and time-honored code of our society, a code so severe that whoever breaks it is hounded from our midst as unfit to live with. She must destroy the evidence of her offense. But what was the evidence of her offense? Tom Robinson, a human being. She must put Tom Robinson away from her. Tom Robinson was to her a daily reminder of what she did. Now, what did she do? She tempted a Negro. She was white, and she tempted a Negro. She did something that, in our society, is unspeakable. She kissed a black man. Not an old uncle, but a strong, young Negro man. No code mattered to her before she broke it, but it came crashing down on her afterwards. The witnesses for the State, with the exception of the sheriff of Maycomb County have presented themselves to you gentlemen, to this court in the cynical confidence that their testimony would not be doubted, confident that you gentlemen would go along with them on the assumption... the evil assumption that all Negroes lie, all Negroes are basically immoral beings, all Negro men are not to be trusted around our women. An assumption that one associates with minds of their caliber, and which is, in itself, gentlemen, a lie, which I do not need to point out to you. And so, a quiet, humble, respectable Negro, who has had the unmitigated TEMERITY to feel sorry for a white woman, has had to put his word against TWO white people's! The defendant is not guilty - but somebody in this courtroom is. Now, gentlemen, in this country, our courts are the great levelers. In our courts, all men are created equal. I'm no idealist to believe firmly in the integrity of our courts and of our jury system - that's no ideal to me. That is a living, working reality! Now I am confident that you gentlemen will review, without passion, the evidence that you have heard, come to a decision and restore this man to his family. In the name of GOD, do your duty. In the name of God, believe... Tom Robinson.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: If you just learn a single trick, Scout, you'll get along a lot better with all kinds of folks. You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Older Scout: [narrating] Neighbors bring food with death, and flowers with sickness, and little things in between. Boo was our neighbor. He gave us two soap dolls, a broken watch and chain, a knife, and our lives.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: Good Lord, I must be losin' my memory. I can't remember whether Jem is twelve or thirteen. Anyway, it'll have to come before the county court. Of course, it's a clear-cut case of self-defense. I'll uh, well I'll run down to the office... Sheriff Tate: Mr. Finch... do you think Jem killed Bob Ewell? Is that what you think? Your boy never stabbed anyone. [Atticus and Sheriff Heck Tate look at Boo] Sheriff Tate: Bob Ewell fell on his knife - he killed himself. There's a black man dead for no reason. Now the man responsible for it is dead. Let the dead bury the dead this time, Mr. Finch. I never heard tell it was against the law for any citizen to do his utmost to prevent a crime from being committed, which is exactly what he did. But maybe you'll tell me it's my duty to tell the town all about it, not to hush it up. Well, you know what'll happen then. All the ladies in Maycomb, includin' my wife, will be knockin' on his door bringin' angel food cakes. To my way of thinkin', takin' the one man who done you and this town a big service, and draggin' him with his shy ways into the limelight - to me that's a sin. It's a sin. And I'm not about to have it on my head. I may not be much, Mr. Finch, but I'm still Sheriff of Maycomb County, and Bob Ewell fell on his knife. Good night, sir.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ [Atticus on the porch overhearing their conversation] Scout: How old was I when Mama died? Jem: Two. Scout: How old were you? Jem: Six. Scout: Old as I am now? Jem: Uh-huh. Scout: Was Mama pretty? Jem: Uh-huh. Scout: Was Mama nice? Jem: Uh-huh. Scout: Did you love her? Jem: Yes. Scout: Did I love her? Jem: Yes. Scout: Do you miss her? Jem: Uh-huh.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: Mr. Tate was right. Atticus Finch: What do you mean? Scout: Well, it would be sort of like shooting a mockingbird, wouldn't it?

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Calpurnia: That boy is your company. And if he wants to eat up that tablecloth, you let him, you hear? And if you can't act fit to eat like folks, you can just set here and eat in the kitchen.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: Good Afternoon Miss Dubose... My, you look like a picture this afternoon. Scout: [hiding behind Atticus whispering to Jem and Dill] He don't say a picture of what.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: I said, 'Hey,' Mr. Cunningham. How's your entailment getting along? [He turns and looks away] Scout: Don't you remember me, Mr. Cunningham? I'm Jean Louise Finch. You brought us some hickory nuts one early morning, remember? We had a talk. I went and got my daddy to come out and thank you. I go to school with your boy. I go to school with Walter; he's a nice boy. Tell him 'hey' for me, won't you? You know something, Mr. Cunningham, entailments are bad. Entailments... [She suddenly becomes self-conscious] Scout: Atticus, I was just saying to Mr. Cunningham that entailments were bad but not to worry. Takes a long time sometimes... [to the men who are staring up at her] Scout: What's the matter? I sure meant no harm, Mr. Cunningham.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Jem: Atticus says cheating a black man is ten times worse than cheating a white.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Older Scout: [narrating] One time Atticus said you never really knew a man until you stood in his shoes and walked around in them; just standin' on the Radley porch was enough. The summer that had begun so long ago had ended, and another summer had taken its place, and a fall, and Boo Radley had come out.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ [last lines] Older Scout: [narrating] I was to think of these days many times. Of Jem, and Dill, and Boo Radley, and Tom Robinson, and Atticus. He would be in Jem's room all night, and he would be there when Jem waked up in the morning.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: May I see your watch? "To Atticus, My Beloved Husband." Atticus, Jem says this watch is gonna belong to him some day. Atticus Finch: That's right. Scout: Why? Atticus Finch: Well, it's customary for the boy to have his father's watch. Scout: What are you gonna give me? Atticus Finch: Well, I don't know that I have much else of value that belongs to me... But there's a pearl necklace; there's a ring that belonged to your mother. And I've put them away, and they're to be yours.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Miss Maudie Atkinson: Jem. Jem: Yes, ma'am? Miss Maudie Atkinson: I don't know if it will help saying this to you... some men in this world are born to do our unpleasant jobs for us... your father is one of them. Jem: Oh, well.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Older Scout: [narrating] Maycomb was a tired old town, even in 1932 when I first knew it. Somehow, it was hotter then. Men's stiff collars wilted by nine in the morning; ladies bathed before noon, after their 3 o'clock naps, and by nightfall were like soft teacakes with frosting from sweating and sweet talcum. The day was twenty-four hours long, but it seemed longer. There was no hurry, for there was nowhere to go and nothing to buy... and no money to buy it with. Although Maycomb County had recently been told that it had nothing to fear but fear itself... That summer, I was six years old.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ [about Jem] Scout: You can pet him, Mr. Arthur. He's asleep. Couldn't if he was awake, though; he wouldn't let you. Go ahead.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: There are some things that you're not old enough to understand just yet. There's been some high talk around town to the effect that I shouldn't do much about defending this man. Scout: If you shouldn't be defending him, then why are you doing it? Atticus Finch: For a number of reasons. The main one is that if I didn't, I couldn't hold my head up in town. I couldn't even tell you or Jem not to do somethin' again. [he puts his arm around her] Atticus Finch: You're gonna hear some ugly talk about this in school. But I want you to promise me one thing: That you won't get into fights over it, no matter what they say to you.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Dill Harris: Hey. Jem: Hey yourself. Dill Harris: I'm Charles Baker Harris. I can read. I can read anything you've got. [swinging on the gate] Dill Harris: Folks call me Dill. Jem: How old are you? Four and a half? Dill Harris: Going on seven. Jem: Well, no wonder then. Scout's been readin' since she was born, and she's not even six yet. You're mighty puny for nearly seven. Dill Harris: I'm little but I'm old.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Tom Robinson: Looks like she didn't have nobody to help her. I felt right sorry for her. She seemed... Prosecutor: You felt sorry for her? A white woman? You felt sorry for her?

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: Do you know what a compromise is? Scout: Bendin' the law? Atticus Finch: [slightly bemused] Uh, no. It's an agreement reached by mutual consent. Now, here's the way it works. You concede the necessity of goin' to school, we'll keep right on readin' the same every night, just as we always have. Is that a bargain?

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: Atticus, do you defend niggers? Atticus Finch: [startled] Don't say 'nigger,' Scout. Scout: I didn't say it... Cecil Jacobs did; that's why I had to fight him. Atticus Finch: [sternly] Scout, I don't want you fightin'! Scout: I had to, Atticus, he... Atticus Finch: I don't care what the reasons are: I forbid you to fight.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ [testifying] Tom Robinson: Well, I said I best be goin', I couldn't do nothin' for her, an' she said, oh, yes I could. An' I asked her what, and she said to jus' step on the chair yonder an' git that box down from on top of the chifforobe. So I done like she told me, and I was reachin' when the next thing I know she... grabbed me aroun' the legs. [a murmur erupts in the courthouse] Tom Robinson: She scared me so bad I hopped down an' turned the chair over. That was the only thing, only furniture 'sturbed in the room, Mr. Finch, I swear, when I left it... Mr. Finch, I got down off the chair, and I turned around an' she sorta jumped on me. She hugged me aroun' the waist. She reached up an' kissed me on the face. She said she'd never kissed a grown man before an' she might as well kiss me. She says for me to kiss her back. [Tom shakes his head, re-living the ordeal with his eyes half-closed] Tom Robinson: And I said, Miss Mayella, let me outta here, an' I tried to run. Mr. Ewell cussed at her from the window and said he's gonna kill her.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Bob Ewell: You nigger lover. Atticus Finch: [to Jem] No need to be afraid of him, son. He's all bluff. [after they get home] Atticus Finch: There's a lot of ugly things in this world, son. I wish I could keep 'em all away from you. That's never possible.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: Why there he is, Mr. Tate. He can tell you his name... [Looks at the man] Scout: Hey, Boo. Atticus Finch: [making introductions] Miss Jean Louise, Mr. Arthur Radley. I believe he already knows you.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Atticus Finch: Did you rape Mayella Ewell? Tom Robinson: I did not, sir. Atticus Finch: Did you harm her in any way? Tom Robinson: I did not.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: Jem is up in a tree, he said he won't come down until you agree to play football with the Methodists.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Miss Stephanie Crawford: There's a maniac lives there and he's dangerous... I was standing in my yard one day when his Mama come out yelling, 'He's killin' us all.' Turned out that Boo was sitting in the living room cutting up the paper for his scrapbook, and when his daddy come by, he reached over with his scissors, stabbed him in his leg, pulled them out, and went right on cutting the paper. They wanted to send him to an asylum, but his daddy said no Radley was going to any asylum. So they locked him up in the basement of the courthouse till he nearly died of the damp, and his daddy brought him back home. There he is to this day, sittin' over there with his scissors... Lord knows what he's doin' or thinkin'.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Older Scout: [narrating] There just didn't seem to be anyone or anything Atticus couldn't explain. Though it wasn't a talent that would arouse the admiration of any of our friends, Jem and I had to admit he was very good at that - but that was *all* he was good at... we thought.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Older Scout: [narrating] Atticus had promised me he would wear me out if he ever heard of me fightin' any more. I was far too old and too big for such childish things, and the sooner I learned to hold in, the better off everybody would be. I soon forgot... Cecil Jacobs *made* me forget.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Jem: There goes the meanest man that ever took a breath of life. Dill Harris: Why is he the meanest man? Jem: Well, for one thing, he has a boy named Boo that he keeps chained to a bed in the house over yonder. Boo only comes out at night when you're asleep and it's pitch-dark. When you wake up at night, you can hear him. Once I heard him scratchin' on our screen door, but he was gone by the time Atticus got there. Dill Harris: I wonder what he does in there? I wonder what he looks like? Jem: Well, judgin' from his tracks, he's about six and a half feet tall. He eats raw squirrels and all the cats he can catch. There's a long, jagged scar that runs all the way across his face. His teeth are yella and rotten. His eyes are popped. And he drools most of the time.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Mayella Ewell: I got somethin' to say. And then I ain't gonna say no more. He took advantage of me. An' if you fine, fancy gentlemen ain't gonna do nothin' about it, then you're just a bunch of lousy, yella, stinkin' cowards, the - the whole bunch of ya, and your fancy airs don't come to nothin'. Your Ma'am'in' and your Miss Mayellarin' - it don't come to nothin', Mr. Finch, not... no.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Bob Ewell: I'm real sorry they picked you to defend that nigger that raped my Mayella. I don't know why I didn't kill him myself instead of goin' to the sheriff. That would have saved you and the sheriff and the taxpayers lots of trouble...

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ [to Dill about Miss Dubose] Jem: Listen, no matter what she says to you, don't answer her back. There's a Confederate pistol in her lap under her shawl and she'll kill you quick as look at you. Come on.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Dill Harris: Let's go down to the courthouse and see the room that they locked Boo up in. My aunt says it's bat-infested, and he nearly died from the mildew. Come on. I bet they got chains and instruments of torture down there.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Sheriff Heck Tate: Didn't you know your daddy's the best shot in this county?

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ [testifying] Mayella Ewell: I was sittin' on the porch, and he come along. Uh, there's this old chifforobe in the yard, and I-I said, 'You come in here, boy, and bust up this chifforobe, and I'll give you a nickel.' So he-he come on in the yard and I go in the house to get him the nickel and I turn around, and 'fore I know it, he's on me, and I fought and hollered, but he had me around the neck, and he hit me again and again, and the next thing I knew, Papa was in the room, a-standin' over me, hollerin', 'Who done it, who done it?'

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Tom Robinson: I can't use my left hand at all. I got it caught in a cotton gin when I was twelve years old. All my muscles were tore loose.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ [about Atticus] Miss Maudie Atkinson: He can do plenty of things... He can make somebody's will so airtight you can't break it. You count your blessings and stop complaining, both of you. Thank your stars he has the sense to act his age.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: Hey Miss Dubose. Mrs. Dubose: Don't you say "hey" to me, you ugly girl!

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Bob Ewell: What kinda man are you?

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Older Scout: [narrating] By October, things had settled down again. I still looked for Boo every time I went by the Radley place. This night my mind was filled with Halloween - there was to be a pageant representing our county's agricultural products; I was to be a ham. Jem said he would escort me to the school auditorium. Thus began our longest journey together.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Scout: Are we poor? Atticus Finch: We are indeed.

§To Kill a Mockingbird ¤ Juror: we find the defendant guilty as charged.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Can you get a mob together? Henry Gondorff: After what happened to Luther, I don't think I can get more than two, three hundred guys.

§The Sting ¤ Floyd: Doyle, I KNOW I gave him four THREES! He had to make a SWITCH! We can't let him get away with that. Doyle Lonnegan: What was I supposed to do, call him for cheating better than me in front of the others?

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: Your boss is quite a card player, Mr. Kelly; how does he do it? Johnny Hooker: He cheats.

§The Sting ¤ [last lines] Henry Gondorff: You not gonna stick around for your share? Johnny Hooker: Nah. I'd only blow it.

§The Sting ¤ [Figuring out which con to pull on Lonnegan] J.J. Singleton: I dunno know what to do with this guy, Henry. He's an Irishman who doesn't drink, doesn't smoke, and doesn't chase dames. He's a grand knight in the Knights of Columbus, and he only goes out to play faro. Sometimes plays 15 or 20 hours at a time, just him against the house. Henry Gondorff: Roulette? Craps? J.J. Singleton: He won't touch 'em. The croupier at Gilman's says he never plays anything he can't win. Henry Gondorff: Sports? J.J. Singleton: Likes to be seen with fighters sometimes, but he doesn't go to the fights or bet on 'em. Henry Gondorff: Jesus. Does he do anything where he's not alone? J.J. Singleton: Just poker. And he cheats. Pretty good at it, too.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: He's not as tough as he thinks. Henry Gondorff: Neither are we.

§The Sting ¤ [Polk greets Snyder] FBI Agent Polk: Sit down and shut up, will ya? Try not to live up to all my expectations.

§The Sting ¤ [Gondorff enters the poker game pretending to be drunk] Henry Gondorff: Sorry I'm late. I was taking a crap.

§The Sting ¤ Kid Twist: Now how do you want to work this? Flat rate or percentage? Benny Garfield: Who's the mark? Kid Twist: Doyle Lonnegan. Benny Garfield: Flat rate.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: You're right, Henry. It's not enough. But [laughs] Johnny Hooker: it's close!

§The Sting ¤ Loretta: I don't even know you. Johnny Hooker: You know me. I'm the same as you. It's two in the morning and I don't know nobody.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Luther! Good God, we're millionaires! Luther: Jesus! Did you know he was that loaded? Johnny Hooker: Hell no. I just cut into him. I woulda settled for pawning one of them shoes.

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: I put it all on Lucky Dan; half a million dollars to win. Kid Twist: To win? I said *place*! "Place it on Lucky D-" That horse is gonna run second! Doyle Lonnegan: [There is a pause, and Lonnegan runs horrified to the betting booth] There's been a mistake! Gimme my money back!

§The Sting ¤ Henry Gondorff: What's your problem? Doyle Lonnegan: I'm putting half a million dollars on Lucky Dan to win, third race at Riverside Park. Henry Gondorff: Can't lay that off in time. A bet like that could break us. [Hooker stares at him incredulously] Doyle Lonnegan: Not only are you a cheat, you're a gutless cheat as well. Henry Gondorff: What are the odds? Eddie Niles: Four to one. Henry Gondorff: Take all of it!

§The Sting ¤ Henry Gondorff: Glad to meet you, kid. You're a real horse's ass. Johnny Hooker: Luther said I could learn something from you. I already know how to drink.

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: Not only are you a cheat, you're a gutless cheat as well.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Listen, Gondorff! Am I gonna learn the big con or not? Henry Gondorff: What's your hurry? Johnny Hooker: I want to play for Lonnegan. Henry Gondorff: You know anything about the guy? Johnny Hooker: Yeah! He croaked Luther! Anything else I gotta know? Johnny Hooker: [after he calms down] All right. He runs a numbers racket on the south side. He owns a packing house. A few banks. Henry Gondorff: Yeah, and half the politicians in New York and Chicago. Not a fix in this world is gonna cool him out if he blows on you. Johnny Hooker: I'll get him anyway. Henry Gondorff: Why? Johnny Hooker: 'Cause I don't know enough about killin' to kill him. Henry Gondorff: You can't do it alone, you know. It takes a mob of guys like you and enough money to make them look good. Johnny Hooker: I know plenty of guys. Henry Gondorff: It's not like playing winos in the street. You can't outrun Lonnegan. Johnny Hooker: I never played for no winos. Henry Gondorff: You gotta keep his con even after you take his money. He can't know you took him. Johnny Hooker: You're scared of him. Henry Gondorff: Right down to my socks, buster! You're talkin' about a guy who'd kill a grifter over a chunk of money that wouldn't support him for two days!

§The Sting ¤ Kid Twist: Dukey, if this thing blows up, the Feds will be the least of our problems.

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: Mr. Shaw, we usually require a tie at this table... if you don't have one we can get you one. Henry Gondorff: That'd be real nice of you, Mr. Lonniman! Doyle Lonnegan: Lonnegan. [Gondorf nods and burps in response]

§The Sting ¤ Joe Erie: Hello Snyder. Whattya doin' up here? Lieutenant William Snyder: I'm on vacation. You see that friend of yours lately? Joe Erie: No, no. He packed it in. Enrolled in detective school.

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: [Repeated line] You follow?

§The Sting ¤ Luther: You're late. Where have you been? Johnny Hooker: I had a couple of appointments. Luther: How much did you lose? Johnny Hooker: [winces] All of it. Luther: In one goddamn night? What are you spraying money around like that for? You could've been nailed. Johnny Hooker: Ah, I checked the place first. There were no dicks in there. Luther: But you're a con man! And you blew it like a pimp! I didn't teach you to be no pimp.

§The Sting ¤ Henry Gondorff: Is Lonnegan after you too? Johnny Hooker: I don't know. I ain't seen anybody. Henry Gondorff: You never do, kid.

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: [losing his temper with Henry] The name's Lonnegan! Doyle Lonnegan! You're gonna remember that name or you're gonna get yourself a new game! You follow?

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: I gave him the breakout just like you said. Henry Gondorff: And? Johnny Hooker: 'S good. He threatened to kill me. Henry Gondorff: Hell, kid, they don't do that, you know you're not getting to 'em.

§The Sting ¤ Billie: Who told you this guy was in here? Lieutenant William Snyder: Nobody. I just know what kind of woman he likes. Going to check all the joy houses till I find him. Billie: Oh, well maybe I could help you, if you tell me his name. Lieutenant William Snyder: I doubt it. Which way are the rooms? Billie: Right through there. But I wouldn't go in there if I were you. Lieutenant William Snyder: What you are going to do, call the cops? Billie: I don't have to. You'd be busting in on the Chief of Police just up the hall.

§The Sting ¤ Henry Gondorff: Tough luck, Lonnehan. But that's what you get for playing with your head up your ass!

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: Four nines. Henry Gondorff: Four jacks.

§The Sting ¤ Doyle Lonnegan: You see that fella in the red sweater over there? His name's Donnie McCoy. Works a few of the protection rackets for Cunnaro when he's waiting for something better to happen. Donnie and I have known each other since we were six. Take a good look at that face, Floyd. Because if he ever finds out I can be beat by one lousy grifter, I'll have to kill him and every other hood who wants to muscle in on my Chicago operation.

§The Sting ¤ Louise Coleman: If I didn't know you better, I'd swear you had some class!

§The Sting ¤ Combs: Looks like you're bringing up the rear, Granger.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Hey, where's June? Loretta: She quit. I'm filling in for a couple of days, till I can get a train outta here. Johnny Hooker: Yeah? Where ya going? Loretta: I don't know. Depends on which train I get on.

§The Sting ¤ Henry Gondorff: Sorry about Luther. He was the best street worker I ever saw. Johnny Hooker: He had you down as a big-timer. What happened? Henry Gondorff: I conned a senator from Florida on a stock deal. A real lop-ear. Thought he was gonna take over General Electric. Some chanteuse woke him, though, and he put the feds on me. Johnny Hooker: You mean you blew it. Henry Gondorff: Luther didn't tell me you had a big mouth. Johnny Hooker: He didn't tell me you was a screw-up, either. You played any big cons since then? Henry Gondorff: Oh, I lammed around a bunch of bohunk towns, one kick ahead of the G-men. Would be still if Billie hadn't set me up here. Don't kid yourself, friend. I still know how.

§The Sting ¤ Henry Gondorff: Always drink gin with a mark, kid. He can't tell if you cut it.

§The Sting ¤ Henry Gondorff: You have to keep this con even after you take his money. He can't know you took him.

§The Sting ¤ Luther: [asking for help to make a payment drop] You won't have no trouble. There's $5,000 there. And here's 100 bucks for you. Mottola: Okay, old man. I'll make your drop for you. And don't worry, you can trust me. Johnny Hooker: [starting to leave, Mottola puts the envelope in the inner pocket of his jacket] Hey. Hey! If those goons decide to search you, you ain't gonna get far carrying it there. Luther: What'll we do? Johnny Hooker: You got a bag or something? How about a handkerchief? Luther: [holding one out] Here's a handkerchief! Johnny Hooker: Here. Give it to me. Give me the money. Luther: Just hurry, will you? Johnny Hooker: [putting the money in the handkerchief] You got any more? Better give it all to me if you want to keep it. Luther: [Mottola hands over his own money he has to deliver] They think I've been holding out on them. My wife got sick, and I had to pay the bill. I wasn't holding out on 'em. Johnny Hooker: [folding the handkerchief up, he sticks it down the front of his pants] Stuff it down your pants here. Like that. Got it? Mottola: Uh-huh. Yeah. Luther: Hurry, will you? Johnny Hooker: [handing the handkerchief back] Ain't a tough guy in the world that's gonna frisk you there.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: [finding Gondorff passed-out drunk] The great Henry Gondorff.

§The Sting ¤ Greer: They found Mottola. He was drunk in a dive in Joliet. He never got on the train. Combs: I don't want to hear about his day, Greer. What happened to the money? Greer: He lost it to a couple of con artists on his way out of the spot. Combs: How much? Greer: 11,000. Combs: Okay, I better get on the phone to New York, see what the big mick wants to do about it. I have a pretty good idea, though.

§The Sting ¤ Burlesque House Comedian: Hi, Hooker. Getting married or something? Johnny Hooker: Get used to it, Leonard. I'm gonna look this good from now on. [to another stagehand] Johnny Hooker: What do you say, Ed? [watching Crystal do her burlesque routine, Hooker tries to get her attention when she approaches the wing] Johnny Hooker: Hey. Psst! I want to tal... [amused at his get-up, she goes back out to center stage to finish, then returns as the music ends] Crystal: Hiya, Hooker. You getting married or something?

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Are you nuts, carrying a wad around like that in a neighborhood like this? No wonder you got hit. Luther: Thanks, I'm obliged to you. But I got to get going. Johnny Hooker: [he tries to stand up] You ain't goin' nowhere on this leg. Let me see. Luther: I gotta... got to run some slots down in West Bend for a mob here. I got a little behind in the payoffs. So they figure I been holding out on them. They gave me until 4:00 to come up with the cash. If they don't get it, I'm dead. Johnny Hooker: It don't look good, Gramps. It's almost 4:00 now. Luther: I'll give you and your friend 100 bucks to deliver it for me. Johnny Hooker: I don't know. That mug that hit you is mad enough at me already. What if he's waiting around a corner waiting with some friends? Luther: He won't know you're carrying it. Come on. You've got to help me out. Johnny Hooker: Hey, I'm sorry, pal. I'm gonna maybe help you get fixed up, get to a doctor, but I ain't about to walk into no knife for you. Luther: How about you? All you got to do is put it in the door slot. I'll give you the whole 100. Johnny Hooker: Hey, what makes you think you can trust him? He didn't do shit. Mottola: Hey, butt out, chicken liver. I gave him back the wallet, didn't I?

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Guy turned out to be an oil well. Which way did he go? Joe Erie: Due north. He was gonna take it all. Johnny Hooker: Aw, the bastard. He can blow his nose all the way.

§The Sting ¤ Alva Coleman: Luther said you was something to see today! Johnny Hooker: I don't know, Alva. I got to get faster tyin' up that bundle. I'm still givin' 'em too much time to think. Alva Coleman: Oh, bushwah, I used to make that switch with slower hands than you got. 'Course, the "Up and Down Broadway" was my best game. Me and Luther didn't make much on it, but it wasn't so touchy. Them marks can beat you up awful bad when they catch you making that switch.

§The Sting ¤ Cabbie: Where to? Mottola: Which way is Mason? Cabbie: 20 blocks south. Mottola: Okay, go north. Joliet Station, fast! Cabbie: Right. [pulling into traffic, Mottola starts laughing] Cabbie: What's so funny? Mottola: I just made the world's easiest five grand! [taking the handkerchief out of his pants, he opens it and is stunned to find it's filled with tissue paper]

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Crystal, you want to get out of here tonight? I come into some dough. Crystal: Oh, I can't. I got a 10:00 show. I need the five bucks. Johnny Hooker: I'll spend 50 on you.

§The Sting ¤ Eddie Niles: Lonnegan gets most of his income from the numbers, even though he's been putting more and more money into his savings-and-loan business. Henry Gondorff: You think he's moving out of the racket? Eddie Niles: No, he owns most of the stock that's traded. But my guess is he's just trying to build himself a respectable image. He came out of Five Points, but he's been telling everybody he was born in Forest Hills. He knows the market, though. I don't think we can take him on a stocks deal. Henry Gondorff: Twist, what about the numbers? Kid Twist: Tipsters say it's run out of a packinghouse on 14th by a guy named Combs. Lonnegan comes out every three weeks or so to check on it, but he stays away from the day-to-day stuff in case it's raided. These are two of Combs' favorite torpedoes, Riley and Cole. You ever seen 'em? Johnny Hooker: [taking a pair of photographs] No. Kid Twist: They're the ones who hit Luther. They also got the numbers runner you conned, a guy named Mottola. Found him in a quarry with a knife in his eye. Lonnegan's had seven or eight people rubbed on his way up. His pattern has been to get close to a racket boss, learn the operation, then move in on it. He's done it to Gorman, O'Donnell, Buchalman, took the numbers from Sharkey. All four of these guys are dead. He's vindictive as hell, Henry. Kills for pride. Doesn't add up he'd let Hooker get away from him. Henry Gondorff: You see anything, kid, you let us know. If they put you on the spot, we got to fold the con. You got that? Johnny Hooker: [still looking at the pictures of Lonnegan's hitters] Yeah. You sure it's gotta be one of these two guys? Kid Twist: No. They're just the only ones we know of.

§The Sting ¤ Eddie Niles: With no fix, we're gonna need a con with a sure-fire blow-off. J.J. Singleton: I think we ought to play this guy on the payoff. It's the tightest game we've got and it's not all over the papers yet. Kid Twist: Lonnegan is a fast egg, J.J. He's not going to sit still for a standard play. Eddie Niles: So what does that leave us? We can't con the payoff to a banker. Henry Gondorff: We'll use the wire. Haven't known a poker player yet who didn't wanna bet the ponies. Eddie Niles: The wire's been out of date for ten years. Henry Gondorff: That's why he won't know it. J.J. Singleton: I'm not sure I know it. Henry Gondorff: It'll take two of us working the inside. Any objections to Hooker as second man? [getting no objections] Henry Gondorff: All right, we'll give Lonnegan the hook on the train and play him here. J.J., you think I can get in that poker game? J.J. Singleton: All you gotta do is show up with a lot of money and look like a sucker. Henry Gondorff: I also gotta win. [having been told Snyder was snooping around] Henry Gondorff: Oh, by the way, any of you guys been passing bad money lately? [to Billie] Henry Gondorff: If he comes in again, stall him so I can get a look at him.

§The Sting ¤ Luther: I got an old friend in Chicago named Henry Gondorff. I want you to look him up. There ain't a better inside man alive. He'll teach you all you got to know. Johnny Hooker: To hell with that. I want to work with you, Luther. Luther: I'm out, Johnny.

§The Sting ¤ Floyd: We had a little trouble in Chicago today. One of our runners got hit for 11 grand. Doyle Lonnegan: What makes you think he just didn't pocket it? Floyd: Well, we checked his story with a tipster. He was cleaned by two grifters. Doyle Lonnegan: They workin' for anybody? Floyd: I don't know. Could be. We're running that down now. Doyle Lonnegan: Have some local people take care of them. Nothing fancy. We got to discourage this kind of thing. You follow?

§The Sting ¤ Crystal: [after promising her a night out, Hooker loses a $3,000 bet] Thanks for the evening, Hooker. Next time you want to spend 50 bucks on me, mail it.

§The Sting ¤ Johnny Hooker: Oh, hi there, Snyder. What's the matter? Things a little slow down at the bunco department tonight, huh? Somebody lose the dominoes? Lieutenant William Snyder: You scored blood money today, Hooker, and you need a friend. Johnny Hooker: Go find yourself a shoplifter to roll. [Snyder sucker-punches him in the mouth] Johnny Hooker: You got the wrong guy, pal. I've been home with the flu all day. You can stake out my toilet if you want. Lieutenant William Snyder: [throwing him up against a wall] Keep talking! I'll tell you what you did, smart boy. You tied into a loaded mark on 47th across from Maxie's. And you and Coleman played the switch for him and blew him off to a cab on 49th. If he hadn't been a numbers runner for Doyle Lonnegan, it would've been perfect. Johnny Hooker: You're crazy. I ain't stupid enough to play for no rackets money. Lieutenant William Snyder: Not intentionally, maybe. That don't cut no ice with Lonnegan. He'll swat you like a fly. Johnny Hooker: Yeah, well... well, I'll square it with the fixer. Lieutenant William Snyder: Nobody can buy you a prayer if I put the finger on you. Now, I figure your end of the score was at least 3 G's. I want 2, no matter what it was. Johnny Hooker: My take was only 1. Lieutenant William Snyder: Then you're gonna have to come up with another grand somewhere. Johnny Hooker: All right. [he takes out a wad of money, but before he can count it out, Snyder takes all of it] Lieutenant William Snyder: You're a smart egg, Hooker. No sense getting dead over two grand. [leaving] Lieutenant William Snyder: Relax, Erie. I'll bill you. Joe Erie: I thought you blew all your money. Johnny Hooker: I did. The stuff I gave him is counterfeit. They'll spot it the first place he tries to spend it.

§A Separation ¤ Simin: Does he even realize you are his son? Nader: I know he is my father!

§A Separation ¤ Nader: What is wrong is wrong, no matter who said it or where it's written.

§A Separation ¤ Simin: He [Nader's Father] Simin: doesn't even know who you are. Nader: He does not know me but I know that he is my father.

§A Separation ¤ Hodjat: Why do you think we beat our wives and children like animals? Hodjat: I swear on this Qur'an, we're humans just like you.

§A Separation ¤ Hodjat: You know, my problem is that I can't speak like them. I just lose my control soon.

§A Separation ¤ Termeh: If you knew she was pregnant, why did you hit her? Nader: Look, I did know she was pregnant, but in that moment I didn't, I had forgotten. This matter was not on my mind at all. Termeh: Well... well go tell these exact things to them [to the Interrogator] Termeh: . Nader: My dear, the Law doesn't understand such things. It says either you knew or you didn't... Look at me! If you want me to go and tell them I will do this right off. Termeh: ...

§A Separation ¤ Termeh: Didn't you say it's not serious? Nader: It got serious.

§A Separation ¤ Nader: I went there 'cause I have a sense of humanity. Hodjat: Where was your sense of humanity when you were hitting her ?

§A Separation ¤ Nader: Don't you ever think why you wanna leave this country? 'Cause every time you face a trouble, you give in rather than confront it. Simin: Sorry, it hasn't been a week since I left, and look what happened!

§A Separation ¤ Simin: Your daughter's future isn't important to you? Judge: There are a lot of children who live in this country. You say none of them have a future? Simin: I prefer my child doesn't grow up in this situation. I have the right as a mother. Judge: Which situation? [Simin doesn't reply to him...]

§A Separation ¤ Nader's Father: Simin, where are you going?

§A Separation ¤ Hodjat: [to Nader] Shame on you! You call yourself a man?

§Hamilton ¤ [first lines] King George: Ladies and gentlemen, this is your king, George III. Welcome to "Hamilton." At this time, please silence all cell phones and other electronic devices. All photography and video recording is strictly prohibited. Thank you, and enjoy *my* show.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: I imagine death so much/It feels more like a memory/Is this where it gets me/On my feet, several feet ahead of me? I see it coming/Do I run or fire my gun or let it be?/There is no beat, no melody/Burr, my first friend, my enemy/Maybe the last face I ever see/If I throw away my shot/Is this how you remember me?/What if this bullet is my legacy?/Legacy. What is a legacy?/It's planting seeds in a garden/You never get to see/I wrote some notes/At the beginning of a song/Someone will sing for me/America, you great unfinished symphony/You sent for me/You let me make a difference/A place where even orphan immigrants can leave their fingerprints and rise up/I'm running out of time/I'm running and my time's up/Wise up, eyes up/I catch a glimpse of the other side/Laurens leads soldiers' chorus on the other side/My son is on the other side/He's with my mother on the other side/Washington is watching from the other side/Teach me how to say goodbye/Rise up. Rise up. Rise up./Eliza! My love, take your time./I'll see you on the other side.

§Hamilton ¤ Marquis de Lafayette: Monsieur Hamilton. Alexander Hamilton: Monsieur Lafayette. Marquis de Lafayette: In command, where you belong. Alexander Hamilton: How you say? No sweat. We're finally on the field/We've had quite a run. Marquis de Lafayette: Immigrants. Alexander Hamilton, Marquis de Lafayette: We get the job done. Alexander Hamilton: So, what happens if we win? Marquis de Lafayette: I go back to France/I bring freedom to my people/If I am given the chance. Alexander Hamilton: We'll be with you when you do. Marquis de Lafayette: Go, lead your men. Alexander Hamilton: See you on the other side. Marquis de Lafayette: 'Til we meet again.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Mr. President, you asked to see me? George Washington: I know you're busy. Alexander Hamilton: What do you need, sir? Sir? George Washington: I wanna give you a word of warning. Alexander Hamilton: Sir, I don't know what you heard, but whatever it is, Jefferson started it.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: I am not throwing away my shot/I am not throwing away my shot/Hey, yo, I'm just like my country/I'm young, scrappy, and hungry/And I'm not throwing away my shot.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Congrats to you, Lieutenant Colonel/I wish I had your command instead of manning George's journal. Aaron Burr: No, you don't. Alexander Hamilton: Yes, I do. Aaron Burr: Now, be sensible. From what I hear, you've made yourself indispensible. John Laurens: Well, well I heard you've got a special someone on the side, Burr. Alexander Hamilton: Is that so? John Laurens: What are you trying to hide, Burr? Aaron Burr: I should go. Alexander Hamilton: No, these guys should go. Leave us alone. [ushering Mulligan and Laurens away] Alexander Hamilton: It's all right, Burr. I wish you'd brought this girl with you tonight, Burr. Aaron Burr: You're very kind, but I'm afraid it's unlawful, sir. Alexander Hamilton: What do you mean? Aaron Burr: She's married. Alexander Hamilton: I see. Aaron Burr: She's married to a British officer. Alexander Hamilton: Oh, shit.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: I strike him right between his ribs/I walk towards him/But I am ushered away/They row him back across the Hudson/I get a drink/I hear wailing in the streets/Somebody tells me "You'd better hide"/They say Angelica and Eliza were both at his side when he died/Death doesn't discriminate/Between the sinners and the saints/It takes and it takes and it takes/History obliterates/In every picture it paints/It paints me in all my mistakes/When Alexander aimed at the sky/He may have been the first one to die/But I'm the one who paid for it/I survived, but I paid for it/Now I'm the villain in your history/I was too young and blind to see/I should've known, I should've known the world was wide enough/For both Hamilton and me/The world was wide enough/For both Hamilton and me.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Where are you taking me? Angelica Schuyler: I'm about to change your life. Alexander Hamilton: Then by all means, lead the way. Eliza Hamilton: Elizabeth Schuyler. It's a pleasure to meet you. Alexander Hamilton: Schuyler? Angelica Schuyler: My sister. Eliza Hamilton: Thank you for all your service. Alexander Hamilton: If it takes fighting a war for us to meet, it will have been worth it.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: The Contitution's a mess. Alexander Hamilton: So it needs amendments. Aaron Burr: It's full of contradictions. Alexander Hamilton: So is independence. We have to start somewhere. Aaron Burr: No. No way. Alexander Hamilton: You're making a mistake. Aaron Burr: Good night. Alexander Hamilton: Hey, what are you waiting for? What do you stall for? Aaron Burr: What? Alexander Hamilton: We won the war. What was it all for? Do you support this Constitution? Aaron Burr: Of course. Alexander Hamilton: Then defend it. Aaron Burr: What if you're backing the wrong horse? Alexander Hamilton: Burr, we studied and we fought, and we killed for the notion of a nation/We now get to build for once in your life/Take a stand with pride/I don't understand how you stand to the side.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Sit down, John, you fat mother [BLEEEEEEP]

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: Let me tell you what I wish I'd known/When I was young and dreamed of glory/You have no control/Who lives? Who dies? Who tells your story? Aaron Burr: President Jefferson. Thomas Jefferson: I'll give him this, his financial system is a work of genius. I couldn't undo it if I tried. And I tried. Aaron Burr: President Madison. James Madison: He took our country from bankruptcy to prosperity. I hate to admit it, but he doesn't get enough credit for all the credit that he gave us.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: Congrats on a race well-run. I did give you a fight. Thomas Jefferson: Uh-huh. Aaron Burr: I look forward to our partnership. Thomas Jefferson: Our partnership? Aaron Burr: As your vice president. Thomas Jefferson: Ha! Yeah, right. [to Madison] Thomas Jefferson: You hear this guy? Man openly campaigns against me, talkin' 'bout "I look forward to our partnership." James Madison: It is crazy that the guy who comes in second gets to be vice president. Thomas Jefferson: Ooh. You know what? We can change that. You know why? James Madison: Why? Thomas Jefferson: 'Cause I'm the president. Burr, uh, when you see Hamilton, thank him for the endorsement.

§Hamilton ¤ Thomas Jefferson: Did you forget Lafayette? Alexander Hamilton: What? Thomas Jefferson: Have you an ounce of regret? You accumulate debt/You accumulate power/Yet in their hour of need, you forget. Alexander Hamilton: Lafayette's a smart man. He'll be fine. And before he was your friend, he was mine. If we try to fight/In every revolution in the world/We never stop/Where do we draw the line? Thomas Jefferson: So quick-witted. Alexander Hamilton: Alas, I admit it. Thomas Jefferson: I bet you were quite a lawyer. Alexander Hamilton: My defendants got acquitted. Thomas Jefferson: Well, someone ought to remind you. Alexander Hamilton: What? Thomas Jefferson: You're nothing without Washington behind you. George Washington: Hamilton. Thomas Jefferson: Daddy's calling.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: Dear Alexander/I am slow to anger/But I toe the line/As I reckon with the effects/Of your life on mine/I look back on where I failed/And in every place I checked/The only common thread has been your disrespect/Now you call me ammoral/A dangerous disgrace/If you've got something to say/Name a time and place/Face to face. I have the honor to be/Your obediant servant/A. Burr. Alexander Hamilton: Mr. Vice President/I am not the reason no one trusts you/No one knows what you believe/I will not equivocate on my opinion/I have always worn it on my sleeve/Even if I said what you think I said/You would need to cite/A more specific grievance/Here's an itemzied list/Of 30 years of disagreements. Aaron Burr: Sweet Jesus. Alexander Hamilton: Hey, I have not been shy/I am just a guy in the public eye/Trying to do my best for our republic/I don't wanna fight/But I won't apologize/For doing what's right/I have the honor to be/Your obediant servant/A. Ham. Aaron Burr: Careful how you proceed, good man/Intemperate indeed, good man/Answer for the accusations I lay at your feet/Or prepare to bleed, good man. Alexander Hamilton: Burr, your greivance is legitimate/I stand by what I said/Every bit of it/You stand only for yourself/It's what you do/I can't apologize because it's true. Aaron Burr: Then stand, Alexander. Weehawken. Dawn. Guns. Drawn. Alexander Hamilton: You're on. Alexander Hamilton, Aaron Burr: I have the honor to be/Your obediant servant. Alexander Hamilton: A. Ham. Aaron Burr: A. Burr.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Burr, you're a better lawyer than me. Aaron Burr: Okay. Alexander Hamilton: I know I talk too much, I'm abrasive/You're incredible in court-You're succinct, persuasive/My client needs a strong defense/You're the solution. Aaron Burr: Uh, who's your client? Alexander Hamilton: The new U.S. Constitution. Aaron Burr: No. Alexander Hamilton: Hear me out. Aaron Burr: No way. Alexander Hamilton: A series of essays, anonymously published/Defending the document to the public. Aaron Burr: No one'll read it. Alexander Hamilton: I disagree. Aaron Burr: And if it fails? Alexander Hamilton: Burr, that's why we need it.

§Hamilton ¤ King George: They say George Washington's yielding his power and stepping away. Is that true? I wasn't aware that was something/A person could do. I'm perplexed/Are they going to keep on replacing whoever's in charge?/If so, who's next? There's nobody else in their [air quotes] King George: "country"/Who looms quite as large. [an aide comes on stage and whispers in his ear] King George: What? [she whispers again] King George: John Adams? I know him/That can't be/That's that little guy who spoke to me/All those years ago/What was it? '85/That poor man, they're going to eat him alive/Oceans rise, empires fall/Next to Washington, they all look small/All alone/Watch them run/They will tear each other into pieces/Jesus Christ, this will be fun. [scatting, he then laughs hysterically] King George: President John Adams? Good luck.

§Hamilton ¤ Marquis de Lafayette: I dream of France without a monarchy/The unrest in France will lead to "onarchy"/Onarchy? How you say? How you... oh, anarchy!

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: This war is hard enough without infighting. Alexander Hamilton: Lee called you out. We called his bluff. George Washington: You solve nothing. You aggravate our allies to the south. Alexander Hamilton: You're absolutely right. John should've shot him in the mouth. That would've shut him up.

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: The issue on the table: France is on the verge of war with England. Now, do we commit money and aid to our French allies, or do we stay out of it? Remember, my decision on this matter is not subject to congressional approval. The only one you have to convince is me. Secretary Jefferson, you have the floor, sir. Thomas Jefferson: When we were on death's door/When we were needy/We made a promise/We signed a treaty/We needed money and guns/And half a chance/Uh, who provided those funds? James Madison: France. Thomas Jefferson: In return, they didn't ask for land/Only a promise that we'd lend a hand/And stand with them/If they fought against oppressors/And revolution is messy/But now is the time to stand/Stand with our brothers/As they fight against tyranny/I know that Alexander Hamilton is here/And he would rather not have this debate/I'll remind you that he is not Secretary of State. He knows nothing of loyalty/Smells like new money/Dresses like fake royalty/Desperate to rise above his station/Everything he does betrays the ideals of our nation/Ay, and if you don't know, now you know, Mr. President. George Washington: Thank you, Secretary Jefferson. Secretary Hamilton, your response. Alexander Hamilton: You must be outta your god damn mind/If you think the president is gonna bring the nation to the brink/Of meddling in the middle of a military mess/A game of chess/Where France is queen and kingless/We signed a treaty with a king/Whose head is now in a basket/Would you like to take it out/And ask it? Oh, should we honor our treaty, King Louis' head?/"Ah, do whatever you want/I'm super dead."

§Hamilton ¤ King George: You'll be back, soon you'll see. You'll remember you belong to me. You'll be back, time will tell. You'll remember that I served you well. Oceans rise, empires fall. We have seen each other through it all. And when push comes to shove, I will send a fully armed battalion to remind you of my love! Da da da dat da, dat da da da da ya da, Da da dat dat da ya da! Da da da dat da, dat da da da da ya da. Da da dat dat da...

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: Hamilton is right. Thomas Jefferson: Mr. President... George Washington: We're too fragile/To start another fight. Thomas Jefferson: Sir, do we not fight for freedom? George Washington: Sure, when the French figure out/Who's gonna lead 'em. Thomas Jefferson: The people are leading. George Washington: The people are rioting. There's a difference. Frankly, it's a little disquieting. You would let your ideals/Blind you to reality. Hamilton? Alexander Hamilton: Sir. George Washington: Draft a statement of neutrality.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: They won't teach you this in your classes/But look it up/Hamilton was wearing his glasses/Why, if not to take deadly aim? It's him or me/The world will never be the same/I had only one thought before the slaughter/This man will not make an orphan of my daughter.

§Hamilton ¤ John Laurens: I may not live to see our glory... Eliza Hamilton: Alexander? There's a letter to you from South Carolina. Alexander Hamilton: It's from John Laurens. I'll read it later. John Laurens: But I will gladly join the fight... Eliza Hamilton: No. It's from his father. Alexander Hamilton: His father? John Laurens: And when our children tell our story... Alexander Hamilton: Will you read it? John Laurens: They'll tell the story of tonight... Eliza Hamilton: [reading] "On Tuesday the 27th, my son was killed in a gunfight against British troops retreating from South Carolina. The war was already over. As you know, John dreamed of emancipating and recruiting three thousand men for the first all-black military regiment. His dream of freedom for these men die with him." John Laurens: Tomorrow there'll be more of us... Eliza Hamilton: Alexander, are you all right? Alexander Hamilton: I have so much work to do.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: Hamilton's out of control. James Madison: This is great. He's out of power, he holds no office, and he just destroyed President John Adams, the only other significant member of his party. Thomas Jefferson: Hamilton is a host unto himself. As long as he can hold a pen, he's a threat. Let's let him know what we know.

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: Thomas Jefferson resigned this morning. Alexander Hamilton: You're kidding. George Washington: I need a favor. Alexander Hamilton: Whatever you say, sir/Jefferson will pay for his behavior. George Washington: Shh. Talk less. Alexander Hamilton: I'll use the press/I'll write under a pseudonym/You'll see what I can do to him. George Washington: I need you to draft an address. Alexander Hamilton: Yes, he resigned/You can finally speak your mind. George Washington: No, he's stepping down/So he can run for president. Alexander Hamilton: Ha! Good luck defeating you, sir. George Washington: I'm stepping down/I'm not running for president. Alexander Hamilton: I'm sorry, what?

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: How does a bastard, orphan, son of a whore and a Scotsman/Dropped in the middle/Of a forgotten spot in the Caribbean/By providence, impoverished, in squalor/Grow up to be a hero and a scholar? John Laurens: The ten-dollar Founding Father/Without a father/Got a lot farther/By working a lot harder/By being a lot smarter/By being a self-starter/By 14, they placed him in charge of a trading charter. Marquis de Lafayette: And every day, while slaves were being slaughtered/And carted away across the waves/He struggled and kept his guard up/Inside, he was longing for something to be a part of/The brother was ready to beg, steal, borrow, or barter. Hercules Mulligan: Then a hurricane came/And devastation reigned/Our man saw his future/Drip-dripping down the drain/Put a pencil to his temple/Connected it to his brain/And he wrote his first refrain/A testament to his pain. Aaron Burr: Well, the word got around/They said, "This kid is insane, man"/Took up a collection/Just to send him to the mainland/Get your education/Don't forget from whence you came/And the world's gonna know your name/What's your name, man? Alexander Hamilton: Alexander Hamilton/My name is Alexander Hamilton/And there's a million things I haven't done/But just you wait/Just you wait.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Pardon me, are you Aaron Burr, sir? Aaron Burr: That depends. Who's asking? Alexander Hamilton: Oh, well, sure/Sir, I'm Alexander Hamilton/I'm at your service, sir/I have been looking for you. Aaron Burr: I'm getting nervous. Alexander Hamilton: Sir, I heard your name at Princeton/I was seeking an accelerated course of study/When I got sort of out of sorts/With a buddy of yours/I may have punched him/It's a blur, sir/He handles the financials. Aaron Burr: You punched the bursar?

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: The people are asking to hear my voice/The country is facing a difficult choice/And if you were to ask me who I'd promote/Jefferson has my vote. I have never agreed with Jefferson once/We have fought on, like, 75 different fronts/But when all is said and all is done/Jefferson has beliefs, Burr has none.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Mr. Vice President. Mr. Madison. Senator Burr. What is this? Thomas Jefferson: We have the check stubs from separate accounts. James Madison: Almost a thousand dollars paid in different amounts. Aaron Burr: To a Mr. James Reynolds way back in 1791. Alexander Hamilton: Is that what you have? Are you done? James Madison: You are uniquely situated by virtue of your position... Thomas Jefferson: Though "virtue" is not a word I'd apply to this situation. James Madison: To seek financial gain/To stray from your sacred mission. Thomas Jefferson: And the evidence suggests/You've engaged in speculation. Aaron Burr: An immigrant embezzling our government funds. Thomas Jefferson, James Madison: I can almost see the headline/Your career is done. Aaron Burr: I hope you saved some money/For your daughter and sons. Aaron Burr, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison: You best g'wan run back where you come from. Alexander Hamilton: Ha! You don't even know what you're asking me to confess. Aaron Burr, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison: Confess. Alexander Hamilton: You have nothing/ I don't have to tell you anything at all/Unless... Aaron Burr, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison: Unless... Alexander Hamilton: If I can prove/That I never broke the law/Do you promise not to tell/Another soul what you saw? Aaron Burr: No one else was in the room where it happened. Alexander Hamilton: Is that a yes? Aaron Burr, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison: Um, yes.

§Hamilton ¤ Samuel Seabury: Hear ye, hear ye! My name is Samuel Seabury, and I present "Free Thoughts on the Proceedings of the Continental Congress." Heed not the rabble who scream revolution/They have not your interests at heart. Hercules Mulligan: Oh, my god, tear this dude apart. Samuel Seabury: Chaos and bloodshed are not a solution/Don't let them lead you astray/This congress does not speak for me. Aaron Burr: [stopping Hamilton] Let him be. Samuel Seabury: They're playing a dangerous game/I pray the king shows you his mercy/For shame/For shame. Alexander Hamilton: [in counterpoint] Yo, he'd have you all unravel/At the screams/But the revolution is coming/The have-nots are gonna win this/It's hard to listen to you with a straight face. Samuel Seabury: Heed not the rabble who scream revolution/They have not your interests at heart. Alexander Hamilton, Samuel Seabury: Chaos and bloodshed... Alexander Hamilton: Already haunt us/Honestly, you shouldn't even talk. Samuel Seabury: Are not a solution/Don't let them lead you astray. Alexander Hamilton: And what about Boston? Look at the cost and all that we've lost/And you talk about Congress. Samuel Seabury: This congress does not speak for me. Alexander Hamilton: My dog speaks more eloquently than thee. Samuel Seabury: They're playing a dangerous game. Alexander Hamilton: But strangely, your mange is the same. Samuel Seabury: I pray the king shows you his mercy. Alexander Hamilton: Is he in Jersey? Samuel Seabury: For shame/For shame!/Heed... Alexander Hamilton: For the revolution/If you repeat yourself again, I'm gonna... Samuel Seabury: Scream. Alexander Hamilton: Honestly, look at me/Please don't read. Samuel Seabury: Not your interests at... Alexander Hamilton: Don't modulate the key/Then not debate with me/Why should a tiny island across the sea regulate the price of tea? Aaron Burr: Alexander, please. Alexander Hamilton: Burr, I'd rather be divisive than indecisive. Drop the niceties.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: Burr, since when are you a Democratic-Republican? Aaron Burr: Since being one put me on the up-and-up again. Alexander Hamilton: No one knows who you are/Or what you do. Aaron Burr: Hey, they don't need to know me/They don't like you. Alexander Hamilton: Excuse me? Aaron Burr: Oh, Wall Street thinks you're great/You'll always be adored by the things you create/But upstate... Alexander Hamilton: Wait. Aaron Burr: People think you're crooked. And Schuyler's seat was up for grabs, so I took it. Alexander Hamilton: I've always considered you a friend. Aaron Burr: I don't see why that has to end. Alexander Hamilton: You changed parties/To run against my father-in-law. Aaron Burr: I changed parties/To seize the opportunity I saw/I swear, your pride will be the death of us all/Beware, it goeth before the fall.

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: You wanna pull yourself together? Alexander Hamilton: I'm sorry. These Virginians are birds of a feather. George Washington: Young man, I'm from Virginia. So watch your mouth. Alexander Hamilton: So we let Congress get held hostage by the South? George Washington: You need the votes. Alexander Hamilton: No, we need bold strokes. We need this plan. George Washington: No, you need to convince more folks. Alexander Hamilton: Well, James Madison won't talk to me. That's a nonstarter. George Washington: Ah. Winning was easy, young man. Governing's harder. Alexander Hamilton: They're being intransigent. George Washington: You have to find a compromise. Alexander Hamilton: They don't have a plan. They just hate mine! George Washington: Convince them otherwise. Alexander Hamilton: And what happens if I don't get congressional approval? George Washington: I imagine they'll call for your removal. Alexander Hamilton: Sir. George Washington: Figure it out, Alexander. That's an order from your commander.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: The ship is in the harbor now/See if you can spot him/Another immigrant coming up from the bottom/His enemies destroyed his rep/America forgot him. Marquis de Lafayette, Hercules Mulligan: We fought with him. John Laurens: Me, I died for him. George Washington: Me, I trusted him. Peggy Schuyler, Angelica Schuyler, Eliza Hamilton: Me, I loved him. Aaron Burr: And me/I'm the damn fool that shot him.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: I'mma get a scholarship/To King's College/I probably shouldn't brag/But dag, I amaze and astonish/The problem is I got a lot of brains/But no polish/I gotta holler just to be heard/With every word I drop knowledge/I'm a diamond in the rough/A shiny piece of coal/Tryin' to reach my goal/My power of speech, unimpeachable/Only 19, but my mind is older/These New York City streets get colder/I shoulder every burden/Every disadvantage/I have learned to manage/I don't have a gun to brandish/I walk these streets famished/The plan is to fan this spark into a flame/But damn, it's getting dark/So let me spell out the name/I am the Alexander Hamilton, Marquis de Lafayette, Hercules Mulligan, John Laurens: A-L-E-X-A-N-D/E-R/We are meant to be. Alexander Hamilton: A colony that runs independently/Meanwhile, Britain keeps shittin' on us endlessly/Essentially, they tax us relentlessly/Then King George turns around/Runs a spending spree/He ain't never gonna/Set his descendants free/So there will be a revolution in this century/Enter me. Marquis de Lafayette, Hercules Mulligan, John Laurens: He says in parentheses. Alexander Hamilton: And don't be shocked/When your history book mentions me/I will lay down my life/If it sets us free/Eventually you'll see my ascendancy/And I am not throwing away my shot.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: I wanted to do what you did/Graduate in two/Then join the revolution/He looked at me like I was stupid/I'm not stupid/So, how'd you do it?/How'd you graduate so fast? Aaron Burr: It was my parents' dying wish before they passed. Alexander Hamilton: You're an orphan/Of course/I'm an orphan/God, I wish there was a war/Then we could prove that we're worth more than anyone bargained for. Aaron Burr: Can I buy you a drink? Alexander Hamilton: That would be nice. Aaron Burr: While we're talking/Let me offer you some free advice/Talk less. Alexander Hamilton: What? Aaron Burr: Smile more. Alexander Hamilton: Ha. Aaron Burr: Don't let them know/What you're against or what you're for. Alexander Hamilton: You can't be serious. Aaron Burr: You wanna get ahead? Alexander Hamilton: Yes. Aaron Burr: Fools who run their mouths off/Wind up dead.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: What did they say to you to get you to sell New York City down the river?/Did Washington know about the dinner/Was there presidential pressure to deliver?/Or did you know even then it doesn't matter where you put the U.S. capital? Alexander Hamilton: 'Cause we'll have the banks/We're in the same spot. Aaron Burr: You got more than you gave. Alexander Hamilton: And I wanted what I got/When you got skin in the game/You stay in the game/But you don't get a win unless you play in the game/Oh, you get love for it/You get hate for it/You get nothing if you Alexander Hamilton, Aaron Burr: [with the company] Wait for it, wait for it, wait. Alexander Hamilton: God help and forgive me/I wanna build something that's gonna outlive me/What do you want, Burr? What do you want, Burr?/If you stand for nothing, Burr, what do you fall for? Aaron Burr: I... I wanna be in the room where it happens/The room where it happens/I... wanna be in the room where it happens/The room where it happens/I, I wanna be in the room where it happens/I... I wanna be in the room where it happens.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: [reading James Reynolds' extortion letter] "Dear sir, I hope this letter finds you in good health, and in a prosperous enough position to put wealth in the pockets of people like me down on their luck. You see, that was my wife who you decided to..." Thomas Jefferson: [in surprise and shock] Whaaaat? Alexander Hamilton: She courted me, escorted me to bed/And when she had me in a corner/That's when Reynolds extorted me/For a sordid fee, I paid him quarterly/I may have mortally wounded my prospects/But my papers are orderly/As you can see, I kept a record of every check in my checkered history/Check it against your list and see consistency/I never spent a cent that wasn't mine/You sent the dogs after my scent, that's fine/Yes, I have reasons for shame/But I have not committed treason and sullied my good name/As you can see, I have done nothing to provoke legal action/Are my answers to your satisfaction? Thomas Jefferson: My God. James Madison: Gentlemen, let's go. Alexander Hamilton: So? Thomas Jefferson, James Madison: The people won't know what we know. Alexander Hamilton: Burr. How do I know you won't use this against me/The next time we go toe to toe? Aaron Burr: Alexander, rumors only grow. And we both know what we know.

§Hamilton ¤ Philip Hamilton: Pops, if you had only heard the shit he said about you/I doubt you would have let it slide/And I was not about to. Alexander Hamilton: Slow down. Philip Hamilton: I came to ask you for advice/This is my very first duel/They don't exactly cover this subject in boarding school. Alexander Hamilton: Did your friends attempt to negotiate a peace? Philip Hamilton: He refused to apologize/We had to let the peace talks cease. Alexander Hamilton: Where is this happening? Philip Hamilton: Across the river in Jersey. Alexander Hamilton, Philip Hamilton: Everything is legal in New Jersey. Alexander Hamilton: All right. So, this is what you're gonna do. Stand there like a man/Until Eacker is in front of you/When the time comes/Fire your weapon in the air/This will put an end to the whole affair. Philip Hamilton: But what if he decides to shoot? Then I'm a goner. Alexander Hamilton: No, he'll follow suit if he's truly a man of honor/To take someone's life, that is something you can't shake/Philip, your mother can't take another heartbreak. Philip Hamilton: Father... Alexander Hamilton: Promise me. You don't want this young man's blood on your conscience. Philip Hamilton: Okay, I promise. Alexander Hamilton: Come back home when you're done/Take my guns, be smart/Make me proud, son.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: There's nothing like summer in the city/Someone in a rush next to someone looking pretty/Excuse me, miss, I know it's not funny, but your perfume smells like your daddy's got money/Why you slummin' in the city in your fancy heels? You searchin' for an urchin who can give you ideals? Angelica Schuyler: Burr, you disgust me. Aaron Burr: Ah, so you've discussed me. I'm a trust fund, baby/You can trust me. Angelica Schuyler: I've been reading "Common Sense" by Thomas Paine/So men say that I'm intense or I'm insane/You want a revolution? I wanna revelation/So listen to my declaration. Angelica Schuyler, Eliza Hamilton, Peggy Schuyler: We hold these truths to be self-evident/That all men are created equal. Angelica Schuyler: And when I meet Thomas Jefferson, I'mma compel him to include women in the sequel.

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: They're asking me to lead/I'm doing the best I can/To get the people that I need/I'm asking you to be my right-hand man. Alexander Hamilton: Treasury or State? George Washington: I know it's a lot to ask. Alexander Hamilton: Treasury or State? George Washington: To leave behind the world you know. Alexander Hamilton: Sir, do you want me to run the Treasury or State Department? George Washington: Treasury. Alexander Hamilton: [with a toothy chuckle] Let's go.

§Hamilton ¤ John Laurens: All right, all right! That's what I'm talking about! Now everyone, give it up for the maid of honor: Angelica Schuyler!

§Hamilton ¤ King George: Next to Washington they all look small.

§Hamilton ¤ George Washington: Hamilton, how come no one can get you on their staff? Alexander Hamilton: Sir... George Washington: Don't get me wrong. You're a young man of great renown/I know you stole British cannons when we were still downtown/Nathaniel Greene and Henry Knox wanted to hire you. Alexander Hamilton: Yeah, to be their secretary. I don't think so. George Washington: Now, why are you upset? Alexander Hamilton: I'm not. George Washington: It's all right, you wanna fight/You've got a hunger/I was just like you when I was younger/Head full of fantasies of dying like a martyr? Alexander Hamilton: Yes. George Washington: Dying is easy, young man/Living is harder.

§Hamilton ¤ King George: They say the price of my war's not a price that they're willing to pay/Insane/You cheat with the French/Now I'm fighting with France and with Spain/I'm so blue. [as he stomps his foot, the stage lights turn from red to blue] King George: I thought that we made an arrangement when you went away/You were mine to subdue/Well, even despite our estrangement, I've got a small query for you/What comes next? You've been freed/Do you know how hard it is to lead?/You're on your own/Awesome, wow. [audience laughter] King George: Do you have a clue what happens now? Oceans rise, empires fall/It's much harder when it's all your call/All alone across the sea/When your people say they hate you/Don't come crawling back to me.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: Meanwhile, Madison is grappling with the fact/That not every issue can be settled by committee/Congress is fighting over where to put the capital/It isn't pretty/Then Jefferson approaches with a dinner and invite/And Madison responds with Virginian insight. James Madison: Maybe we can solve one problem with another/And win a victory for the Southerners/In other words... Thomas Jefferson: Oh, ho. James Madison: A quid pro quo. Thomas Jefferson: I suppose. James Madison: Wouldn't you like to work a little closer to home? Thomas Jefferson: Actually, I would. James Madison: Well, I propose the Potomac. Thomas Jefferson: And you'll provide him his votes? James Madison: Well, we'll see how it goes. Thomas Jefferson: Let's go. Aaron Burr: No one else was in the room where it happened/The room where it happened/The room where it happened/No one else was in the room where it happened/The room where it happened/The room where it happened/My God!/In God we trust/But we'll really never know what got discussed/Ha!/Click, boom, then it happened/And no one else is in the room where it happened.

§Hamilton ¤ Alexander Hamilton: I wish I could say that was the last time/I said that last time/It became a pastime/A month into this endeavor/I received a letter from a Mr. James Reynolds, even better/It said: James Reynolds: Dear sir, I hope this letter finds you in good health/And in a prosperous enough position/To put wealth in the pockets of people like me/Down on they luck/You see, that was my wife/Who you decided to... Alexander Hamilton: Fu... James Reynolds: Uh-oh/You made the wrong sucker a cuckold/So time to pay the piper/For the pants you unbuckled/And, hey, you can keep seein' my whore wife if the price is right/If not, I'm telling your wife. Alexander Hamilton: I hid the letter and I raced to her place/Screamed "how could you?" in her face/She said... Maria Reynolds: No, sir. Alexander Hamilton: Half-dressed, apologetic/A mess, she looked pathetic, she cried: Maria Reynolds: Please don't go, sir. Alexander Hamilton: So was your whole story a setup? Maria Reynolds: I don't know about any letter!

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: Two Virginians and an immigrant/Walk into a room/Diametrically opposed, foes/They emerge with a compromise/Having opened doors that were previously closed/The immigrant emerges with unprecedented financial power/A system he can shape however he wants/The Virginians emerge with the nation's capital/And here's the piece de resistance/No one else was in the room where it happened/The room where it happened/The room where it happened/No one else was in the room where it happened/The room where it happened/The room where it happened/No one really knows how the game is played/The art of the trade/How the sausage gets made/We just assume that it happens/But no one else is in the room where it happens./Thomas claims: Thomas Jefferson: Alexander was on Washington's doorstep one day/In distress and disarray. Aaron Burr: Thomas claims: Thomas Jefferson: Alexander said... Alexander Hamilton: I have nowhere else to turn. Thomas Jefferson: And basically begged me to join the fray. Aaron Burr: Thomas claims: Thomas Jefferson: I approached Madison and said "I know you hate him, but let's hear what he has to say." Aaron Burr: Thomas claims: Thomas Jefferson: Well, I arranged the meeting/I arranged the menu/The venue, the seating. Aaron Burr: But no one else was in the room where it happened/The room where it happened/The room where it happened/No one else was in the room where it happened/The room where it happened/The room where it happened/No one really knows how the parties get to yes/The pieces that are sacrificed in every game of chess/We just assume that it happens/But no one else was in the room where it happens.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: Now, how you gonna get your debt plan through? Alexander Hamilton: I guess I'm gonna finally have to listen to you. Aaron Burr: Really? Alexander Hamilton: Talk less/Smile more/Do whatever it takes/To get my plan on the Congress floor. Aaron Burr: Now, Madison and Jefferson are merciless. Alexander Hamilton: Well, hate the sin, love the sinner. James Madison: Hamilton. Alexander Hamilton: I'm sorry, Burr, I gotta go. Aaron Burr: Oh, but, uh... Alexander Hamilton: Decisions are happening over dinner.

§Hamilton ¤ Aaron Burr: Ah, Mr. Secretary. Alexander Hamilton: Mr. Burr, sir. Aaron Burr: Hey, did you hear the news about good old General Mercer? Alexander Hamilton: No. Aaron Burr: You know Clermont Street? Alexander Hamilton: Yeah. Aaron Burr: They renamed it after him. The Mercer legacy is secure. Alexander Hamilton: Sure. Aaron Burr: And all he had to do was die Alexander Hamilton: Yeah, that's a lot less work. Aaron Burr: We ought to give it a try.

§Hamilton ¤ Philip Hamilton: Meet the latest graduate of King's College/I probably shouldn't brag, but dag, I amaze and astonish/The scholars say I got the same virtuosity and brains as my pops/The ladies say my brain's not where the resemblance stops/I'm only 19, but my mind is older/Gotta be my own man/Like my father, but bolder.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Sallah: Please, what does it always mean, this... this "Junior"? Professor Henry Jones: That's his name. [points to himself] Professor Henry Jones: Henry Jones... [points to Indy] Professor Henry Jones: ...Junior. Indiana Jones: I like "Indiana." Professor Henry Jones: We named the *dog* Indiana. Marcus Brody: May we go home now, please? Sallah: The dog? [starts laughing] Sallah: You are named after the dog? HA HA HA...! Indiana Jones: I've got a lot of fond memories of that dog.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: Nazis. I hate these guys.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: [dressed as the ticket-taker] Tickets please. Colonel Vogel: [in German] What? [Indiana punches him, picks him up and throws him out a window into a pile of luggage; the other passengers look at him, bewildered] Indiana Jones: [pointing out the window at Vogel] No ticket. [the other passengers all pull out their tickets and wave them furiously at him]

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Fedora: You lost today, kid. But that doesn't mean you have to like it.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: [of Indy's new lover] How did you know she was a Nazi? How did you know she was a Nazi? Professor Henry Jones: She talks in her sleep.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Elsa: It's perfectly obvious where the pages are. He's given them to Marcus Brody. Professor Henry Jones: Marcus? You didn't drag poor Marcus along did you? He's not up to the challenge. Walter Donovan: He sticks out like a sore thumb. We'll find him. Indiana Jones: The hell you will. He's got a two day head start on you, which is more than he needs. Brody's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan, he speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom, he'll blend in, disappear, you'll never see him again. With any luck, he's got the grail already. [Cut to middle of fair in the Middle East, Marcus Brody wearing bright suit and white hat, sticking out like sore thumb] Marcus Brody: Uhhh, does anyone here speak English? Or even ancient Greek?

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: Sallah, I said *no* camels. That's *five* camels. Can't you count? Sallah: [Indicating the camels he has stolen:] Compensation for my brother-in-law's car! Indy, your father and Brody--! Indiana Jones: Where's my father? Sallah: They have them. In the belly of that steel beast!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Nazi Colonel Vogel is torturing Henry to get answers] Colonel Vogel: Tell me about this miserable little diary of yours. The book is useless and yet you come all the way back to Berlin to get it. Why? [he slaps Henry in the face with his glove] Colonel Vogel: Why? [he slaps him again] Colonel Vogel: What are you hiding? [he slaps him again] Colonel Vogel: What does the diary tell you that it doesn't tell us? [he tries to slap him again; Henry grabs his wrist, stopping him] Professor Henry Jones: [through his teeth] It tells me, that goose-stepping morons like yourself should try *reading* books instead of *burning* them!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: [Lecturing in class] Archeology is the search for fact, not truth. If it's truth you're interested in, Dr. Tyree's Philosophy class is right down the hall. [the students laugh] Indiana Jones: So forget any ideas you've got about lost cities, exotic travel, and digging up the world. We do not follow maps to buried treasure, and "X" never, ever marks the spot. [Words he will learn to eat, upon following a series of Roman numerals through a Venetian library in order to locate a hidden passage. Said passage is marked with the Roman numeral for "10" - an "X"!] Indiana Jones: 70% of all archeology is done in the library. Researching. Reading. We cannot afford to take mythology at face value.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Indiana and Henry are tied up] Indiana Jones: Come on, dad. Help me get us out of here. We have to get to Marcus before the Nazis do. Professor Henry Jones: But you said he had a two day head start. That he would blend in, disappear. Indiana Jones: Are you kidding? I made all that up. You know Marcus. He once got lost in his own museum.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne. Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky...

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Street Vendor: Water? Marcus Brody: No thank you, sir, no. Fish make love in it.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: [accidentally shoots their own plane with the machine gun] Indiana Jones: Dad, are we hit? Professor Henry Jones: More or less. Son, I'm sorry. They got us.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Indiana slips and nearly falls into the abyss, but Henry grabs his hand] Professor Henry Jones: Junior, give me your other hand! I can't hold on! Indiana Jones: [reaching for the Grail] I can get it. I can almost reach it, Dad... Professor Henry Jones: Indiana. [surprised, Indy looks up at his father] Professor Henry Jones: Indiana... let it go.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: The Word of God. Marcus Brody: No, Henry. Try not to talk. Professor Henry Jones: The Name of God. Indiana Jones: The Name of God... Jehovah. Professor Henry Jones: But in the Latin alphabet, "Jehovah" begins with an "I". Indiana Jones: J-... [he steps on the "J" and almost falls to his death; he scrambles back up] Indiana Jones: Oh, *idiot*! In Latin Jehovah begins with an "I"!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: Those people are trying to kill us! Indiana Jones: [shouts] I know, Dad! Professor Henry Jones: This is a new experience for me. Indiana Jones: It happens to me all the time.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Indiana Jones and Professor Jones Sr. are trapped between a room on fire and a room full of Nazis] Professor Henry Jones: Our situation has not improved.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Encountering a painting of the Ark of the Covenant] Elsa: What's this? Indiana Jones: Ark of the Covenant. Elsa: Are you sure? Indiana Jones: Pretty sure.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [after commandeering a plane] Professor Henry Jones: I didn't know you could fly a plane. Indiana Jones: Fly, yes. Land, no.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [talking about how they both slept with the same woman] Indiana Jones: It's disgraceful, you're old enough to be her... her grandfather. Professor Henry Jones: Well, I'm as human as the next man. Indiana Jones: I *was* the next man. Professor Henry Jones: Oh... ships that pass in the night.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: I'm like a bad penny, I always turn up.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [to Indiana, while watching a Nazi parade and book burning] Professor Henry Jones: [solemnly] My boy, we are pilgrims in an unholy land.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Marcus Brody: Is there anyone here who speaks English? Or maybe even ancient Greek?

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: Elsa never really believed in the grail. She thought she'd found a prize. Indiana Jones: And what did you find, Dad? Professor Henry Jones: Me? Illumination.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Vogel is holding Elsa hostage at gunpoint] Colonel Vogel: Throw down the gun or the girl will die. Professor Henry Jones: But she's one of them. Elsa: Indy, please! Professor Henry Jones: She's a Nazi. Indiana Jones: What? Professor Henry Jones: Trust me. Elsa: Indy, help! Colonel Vogel: I will kill her! Professor Henry Jones: Oh yeah? Go ahead. Indiana Jones: No! Don't shoot! Professor Henry Jones: Don't worry. He won't. Elsa: Indy, please do what he says! Professor Henry Jones: And don't listen to her. Colonel Vogel: Enough! She dies! Indiana Jones: Wait! Wait. [Indy tosses over the gun. Vogel lets Elsa go and she runs right into Indy's arms] Elsa: I'm sorry. Indiana Jones: Don't be. [Elsa takes the grail diary from Indy's pocket, smiles, then hands it to Vogel] Elsa: But you should have listened to your father.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: [as the room is burning] Dad! Professor Henry Jones: What? Indiana Jones: Dad! Professor Henry Jones: What? Indiana Jones: DAD! Professor Henry Jones: WHAT? Indiana Jones: Dad, head for the fireplace!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: Marcus. Marcus Brody: Aah. Professor Henry Jones: Genius of the res-to-ration. [Brody finishes the handshake] Marcus Brody: Aid our own re-sus-ci-tation. Henry, what are you doing here? Professor Henry Jones: It's a rescue. Come on. [the Nazis catch both Marcus and Henry]

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Indiana Jones walks over after climbing up from the cliff and Professor Henry Jones grabs him in hug] Professor Henry Jones: I thought I'd lost you boy. Indiana Jones: I thought you had too Sir. Professor Henry Jones: [moves back and attempts to compose himself] Well... well done. Come on. [Professor Henry Jones walks away and Indiana Jones collapses to the ground in exhaustion] Professor Henry Jones: [looks back and frowns] Why are you sitting there resting when we're so near the end?

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Principal SS Officer at Castle: [the Nazis burst into the room] Dr. Jones? Indiana Jones, Professor Henry Jones: Yes? Principal SS Officer at Castle: I will take zuh book now. Indiana Jones, Professor Henry Jones: Wuh-what b-book? Principal SS Officer at Castle: You have zuh diary in your pocket. Professor Henry Jones: You dolt! Do you think my son would be that stupid? That he would bring my diary all the way back here? [pause] Professor Henry Jones: You didn't, did you? [another pause] Professor Henry Jones: You didn't bring it, did you? Indiana Jones: Well, uh... Professor Henry Jones: You *did*! Indiana Jones: Look, can we discuss this later? Professor Henry Jones: I should have mailed it to the Marx Brothers! Indiana Jones: Will you take it easy? Professor Henry Jones: Take it easy? Why do you think I sent it home in the first place? So it wouldn't fall into their hands! Indiana Jones: I came here to SAVE you! Professor Henry Jones: Oh, yeah? And who's gonna come to save you, JUNIOR? Indiana Jones: [shouts] I told you... [grabs a gun and shoots all soldiers dead] Indiana Jones: DON'T call me Junior! Professor Henry Jones: Look what you did! I can't believe what you did!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: [Examining the broken vase] Late 14th Ming Dynasty. Oh it breaks the heart. Indiana Jones: And the head. You hit me dad. Professor Henry Jones: I'll never forgive myself. Indiana Jones: Don't worry I'm all right. Professor Henry Jones: Thank God... it's fake. See you can tell with the cross sections.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Elsa: Don't look at me like that. We both wanted the Grail. I would have done anything to get it. You would have done the same. Indiana Jones: I'm sorry you think so.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Butler: [Answering door] Yes? Indiana Jones: [Scottish accent] Not before time! did you intend to leave us standing on the doorstep all day? we're drenched [sneezes in butler's face] Indiana Jones: Now look, I've gone and caught a sniffle Butler: Are you expected? Indiana Jones: Don't take that tone with me my good man! Now buttle off and tell Baron Brunwald that Lord Clarence McDonald and his lovely assistant [Drags Elsa towards him] Indiana Jones: are here to view the tapestries Butler: Tapestries? Indiana Jones: The old man is dense, this is a castle isn't it? there are tapestries Butler: This is a castle and we have many tapestries, and if you are a Scottish lord then I am Mickey Mouse! Indiana Jones: How dare he? [punches butler in face]

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Elsa: [to Indy] I'll never forget how vonderful it vas. Professor Henry Jones: Why thank you. It was rather wonderful. Elsa: [kisses Indy, sucks on his lower lip] Zat's how Austrians say goodbye. Colonel Vogel: Und zis is how ve zay goodbye in Germany, Dr. Jones. [punches Indy with the head of his cane; Indy's head smacks into Henry's behind him] Indiana Jones: I liked the Austrian way better. Professor Henry Jones: So did I.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Panama Hat: Small world, Dr. Jones. Indiana Jones: Too small for two of us. Panama Hat: This is the second time I've had to reclaim my property from you. Indiana Jones: That belongs in a museum. Panama Hat: So do you.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Grail Knight: But choose wisely, for while the true Grail will bring you life, the false Grail will take it from you.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: [shouting, as the boat is being chopped up by a propeller] Why are you trying to kill us? Kazim: Because you are looking for the Holy Grail! Indiana Jones: My *father* was looking for the Holy Grail! Did you kill him too? Kazim: No! Indiana Jones: Where is he? Talk or you're dead! Dammit tell me! Tell me! Kazim: If you don't let go Dr. Jones, we'll both die! Indiana Jones: Then we'll die! Kazim: My soul is prepared! How's yours?

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: I'm sorry about your head though. But I thought that you were one of them. Indiana Jones: Dad, they come in through the doors. Professor Henry Jones: Ha, good point.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: [Selecting the plainest cup in the Grail Chamber] ... THAT'S the cup of a carpenter. Grail Knight: You have chosen... wisely. But, beware: the Grail cannot pass beyond the Great Seal. That is the boundry, and the price, of immortality.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Walter Donovan: However, your highness, we would not think of crossing your soil without your permission, nor of removing the Grail from your borders without suitable compensation. Sultan: What have you brought? Colonel Vogel: Bring den Schatz! [two German soldiers place a chest containing golden treasures in front of the Sultan] Walter Donovan: Precious valuables, your highness. Donated by some of the finest families in all of Germany. [the Sultan turns and walks away before Donovan finishes speaking. He walks up to their staff car, a Rolls-Royce] Sultan: Rolls-Royce Phantom II. 4.3 litre, 30 horsepower, six cylinder engine, with Stromberg downdraft carburettor, can go from zero to 100 kilometres an hour in 12.5 seconds. And I even like the color. Walter Donovan: The keys are in the ignition, your highness. Sultan: You shall have camels, horses, an armed escort, provisions, desert vehicles and tanks. Walter Donovan: You're welcome.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: I find, that if I just sit down to think... [sits in chair, which tilts backward and opens up a hidden staircase] Indiana Jones: [falling down hidden staircase] Daaaaad! Professor Henry Jones: [resetting chair legs] The solution presents itself!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Professor Henry Jones: And in this sort of race, there's no silver medal for finishing second.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Kazim: Ask yourself, why do you seek the Cup of Christ? Is it for His glory, or for yours? Indiana Jones: I didn't come for the Cup of Christ. I came to find my father. Kazim: In that case, God be with you in your quest.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [last lines] Marcus Brody: Indy, Henry, follow me. I know the way. Ha! [Marcus' horse rides off with him barely hanging onto it] Professor Henry Jones: Got lost in his own museum, eh? Indiana Jones: Uh-huh. Professor Henry Jones: After you, Junior. Indiana Jones: Yes, sir. Ha!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Elsa: You came back for the book? Why? Indiana Jones: My father didn't want it incinerated. Elsa: [angrily] Is that what you think of me? I believe in the Grail, not the Swastika! Indiana Jones: [angrily] You stood up to be counted with the enemies of everything the Grail stands for! Who gives a *damn* what you believe? Elsa: [pleadingly] You do!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: [grabbing Elsa by the throat] All I have to do is squeeze. Elsa: All I have to do is scream.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Indiana Jones: It was just the two of us, Dad. That was a lonely way to grow up, lonely for both of us. I can remember the last time we had a drink together; I had a milkshake. But we didn't talk; we've never talked. If you'd been an average and regular father, like all of my friends' dads, you would've understood. Professor Henry Jones: I was a wonderful father. Indiana Jones: Yeah, how? Professor Henry Jones: Did I ever tell you to eat up, go to bed, wash your ears, or do your homework? No. I respected your privacy, and I taught you self-reliance. Indiana Jones: What you taught me is that I was less important to you than people who've been dead for 500 years in another country. And I learned it so well, that we've hardly spoken for 20 years. Professor Henry Jones: You left just as you were becoming interesting. [He closes his diary] Professor Henry Jones: Okay, I'm here now. So what do you want to talk about? [Indy finds himself at a loss for words] Indiana Jones: I... I can't think of... anything. [Henry looks baffled] Professor Henry Jones: Then what are you complaining about? We have work to do. [opens his reclaimed diary and reads from it] Professor Henry Jones: Now then... he who finds the Holy Grail must face three challenges. First, is the Path of God: Only the penitent man shall pass. Second, is the Word of God: Only in the footsteps of God, shall he proceed. Third, is the Breath of God: Only in a leap from the lion's head, shall he prove his worth.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ [Indy has untied a boat as a diversion for the Nazis] Indiana Jones: Come on, Dad! Come on! Professor Henry Jones: What about the boat? We're not going on the boat?

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Sallah: [a tank shell explosion destroys the car that Indy, Sallah and Dr. Jones arrived in] That car belonged to my brother-in-law!

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Elsa: Dr. Jones? Indiana Jones: Yes? Elsa: I knew it was you, you have your father's eyes. Indiana Jones: And my mother's ears but the rest belongs to you. Elsa: It looks like the best parts have already been spoken for.

§Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ¤ Marcus Brody: The search for the Grail is the search for the divine in all of us. But if you want facts, Indy, I've none to give you. At my age, I'm prepared to take a few things on faith.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [huddled in an air vent, recalls his wife's invitation] "Come out to the coast, we'll get together, have a few laughs..."

§Die Hard ¤ Supervisor: [as McClane tries to call up police] Attention, whoever you are, this channel is reserved for emergency calls only. John McClane: No fucking shit, lady! Does it sound like I'm ordering a pizza?

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: [on the radio] Mr. Mystery Guest? Are you still there? John McClane: Yeah, I'm still here. Unless you wanna open the front door for me. Hans Gruber: Uh, no, I'm afraid not. But, you have me at a loss. You know my name but who are you? Just another American who saw too many movies as a child? Another orphan of a bankrupt culture who thinks he's John Wayne? Rambo? Marshal Dillon? John McClane: Was always kinda partial to Roy Rogers actually. I really like those sequined shirts. Hans Gruber: Do you really think you have a chance against us, Mr. Cowboy? John McClane: Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker.

§Die Hard ¤ Dwayne T. Robinson: I've got a hundred people down here, and they're covered with glass. John McClane: Glass? Who gives a shit about glass? Who the fuck is this? Dwayne T. Robinson: This is Deputy Chief of Police, Dwayne T. Robinson, and I am in charge of this situation. John McClane: Oh, you're in charge? Well, I got some bad news for you *Dwayne*, from up here it doesn't look like you're in charge of jack shit. Dwayne T. Robinson: You listen to me, you little asshole, I'm... John McClane: Asshole? I'm not the one who just got butt-fucked on national TV, *Dwayne*. Now, you listen to me, jerk-off, if you're not a part of the solution, you're a part of the problem. Quit being a part of the fucking problem and put the other guy back on!

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: [Reading what McClane wrote on the dead terrorist's shirt] "Now I have a machine gun. Ho ho ho."

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: This time John Wayne does not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly. John McClane: That was Gary Cooper, asshole.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: Welcome to the party, pal!

§Die Hard ¤ Ginny: [Enraged, Karl smashes a table of glasses] God. That man looks *really* pissed. Holly Gennero McClane: He's still alive. Ginny: What? Holly Gennero McClane: Only John can drive somebody that crazy.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: You'd have made a pretty good cowboy yourself, Hans. Hans Gruber: Oh, yes. What was it you said to me before? "Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker."

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: [Hans' radio turns on] I thought I told all of you, I want radio silence until further... John McClane: Ooooh, I'm very sorry Hans. I didn't get that message. Maybe you should've put it on the bulletin board. I figured since I've waxed Tony and Marco and his friend here, I figured you and Karl and Franco might be a little lonely, so I wanted to give you a call. Karl: How does he know so much about th... Hans Gruber: [silences Karl him with a gesture] That's very kind of you. I assume you are our mysterious party crasher. You are most troublesome, for a security guard. John McClane: Eeeh! Sorry Hans, wrong guess. Would you like to go for Double Jeopardy where the scores can really change? [speaking to dead man about cigarettes] John McClane: Whoa, these are very bad for you. Hans Gruber: Who are you then? John McClane: Just a fly in the ointment, Hans. The monkey in the wrench. The pain in the ass.

§Die Hard ¤ Joseph Takagi: You want money? What kind of terrorists are you? Hans Gruber: [Chuckling] Who said we were terrorists?

§Die Hard ¤ Dwayne T. Robinson: We're gonna need some more FBI guys, I guess.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: So that's is what this is about, Hans? A fucking robbery? Hans Gruber: Put down the gun. John McClane: Why'd you have to nuke the whole building, Hans? Hans Gruber: Well, when you steal $600, you can just disappear. When you steal 600 million, they will find you, unless they think you're already dead.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: You throw quite a party. I didn't realize they celebrated Christmas in Japan. Joseph Takagi: Hey, we're flexible. Pearl Harbor didn't work out so we got you with tape decks.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: [Seeing the model of Nakatomi Tower in Takagi's office] "And when Alexander saw the breadth of his domain, he wept, for there were no more worlds to conquer." Benefits of a classical education.

§Die Hard ¤ FBI Agent Johnson: I'm Agent Johnson, this is Special Agent Johnson. Dwayne T. Robinson: Oh, how you doin'? FBI Agent Johnson: No relation.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: Who's driving this car, Stevie Wonder?

§Die Hard ¤ Holly Gennero McClane: After all your posturing, all your little speeches, you're nothing but a common thief. Hans Gruber: I am an exceptional thief, Mrs. McClane. And since I'm moving up to kidnapping, you should be more polite.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [while crawling through a narrow ventilation shaft] Now I know what a TV dinner feels like.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: Drop it, dickhead. It's the police. Tony: You won't hurt me. John McClane: Oh, yeah? Why not? Tony: Because you're a policeman. There are rules for policemen. John McClane: Yeah. That's what my captain keeps telling me.

§Die Hard ¤ Sergeant Al Powell: Hey Roy, how you feeling? John McClane: Pretty fuckin' unappreciated, Al.

§Die Hard ¤ Theo: [as the SWAT Team closes in] [over the CB] Theo: All right, listen up guys. 'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, except... the four assholes coming in the rear in standard two-by-two cover formation.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans: The following people are to be released from their captors: In Northern Ireland, the seven members of the New Provo Front. In Canada, the five imprisoned leaders of Liberte de Quebec. In Sri Lanka, the nine members of the Asian Dawn movement... John McClane: [listening on the radio] What the fuck? Karl: [mouthing silently] Asian Dawn? Hans: [covers the radio] I read about them in Time magazine.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: Touching, Cowboy, touching. Or should I call you, Mr. McClane? Mr. Officer John McClane of the New York Police Department? Richard Thornburg: Get on the phone to Harry in New York. Come on, baby, move, move. Thornburg's Assistant: Got it. Sergeant Al Powell: Better get a hold of somebody in dispatch. John McClane: Sister Teresa called me Mr. McClane in the third grade. My friends call me John, and you're neither, shit-head. Hans Gruber: I have someone who wants to talk to you; a very special friend who was with you at the party tonight. Harry Ellis: [Hans hands him the walkie talkie] Hey, John boy. John McClane: Ellis? Harry Ellis: Yeah. Now listen, John, they're giving me a few minutes to try to talk some sense into you. I know you think you're doing your job, John, and I can appreciate that, but, you're just dragging this thing out. Now look, no one gets outta here until these guys can talk to the *LA* police, and that just ain't gonna happen until you stop messin' up the works, capisci? John McClane: Ellis, what have you told them? Harry Ellis: I told 'em we were old friends and you were my guest at the party. John McClane: Ellis, you shouldn't be doin' this. Harry Ellis: Tell me about it. Alright, John, listen. They want you to tell them where the detonators are. They know people are listening. They want the detonators or they're gonna kill me. [pause] Harry Ellis: John, didn't you hear me? John McClane: Yeah, I hear you. Harry Ellis: Hey, John, I think you can get with the program a little, huh? The police are here now, it's their problem. Now tell these guys where the detonators are so no one else gets hurt, you know I'm putting my life on the line for you, pal. John McClane: Ellis, listen to me very carefully. Harry Ellis: John? John McClane: Shut up Ellis, just shut your mouth! Put Hans back on the line. [Ellis holds the walkie talkie up] John McClane: Hans, this shit-head does not know what kind of man you are, but I do. Listen to me! Hans Gruber: Good. Then, you'll give us what we want and save your friend's life. You're not part of this equation this time, you realize that. [presents his gun] Harry Ellis: Hey, what am I, a method actor? Hans, babe, put away the gun, this is radio, not television. John McClane: [nervously yelling] Hans, this asshole is not my friend, I just met him tonight, I don't know him. Jesus Christ, Ellis these people are gonna kill you, tell them, you don't know me. Harry Ellis: John, how can you say that after all these years, huh? John? [gets no response] Harry Ellis: John? [still gets no response, then laughs slightly, then Hans shoots him in the head] Hans Gruber: [he puts the walkie talkie up to the screaming crowd, then yells into the walkie talkie] You hear that? Talk to me, where are my detonators? Where are they, or shall I shoot another one? Sooner or later, I might get to someone you *do* care about! John McClane: Go fuck yourself, Hans.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [fighting Karl] You motherfucker, I'm gonna kill you! I'm gonna fuckin' cook you, and I'm gonna fucking eat you!

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: Geronimo, Motherfucker!

§Die Hard ¤ Hans: [Hans uses McClane's gun and says something in an uninterpreted German on his CB Radio] Put down the gun, and give me my detonators. John McClane: Well, well, well... Hans. Hans: Put it down now. John McClane: That's pretty tricky with that accent. You oughta be on fucking TV with that accent. But what do you want with the detonators, Hans? I already used all the explosives. Or did I? Hans: I'm going to count to three... John McClane: Yeah, like you did with Takagi? John McClane: [Hans pulls trigger] Ooops. [Hans pulls the trigger a few times more] John McClane: No more bullets. What do you think, I'm fucking stupid, Hans? Hans: [elevator opens] You were saying?

§Die Hard ¤ Holly Gennero McClane: I have a request. Hans Gruber: What idiot put you in charge? Holly Gennero McClane: You did. [Hans looks at her] Holly Gennero McClane: When you murdered my boss. Now everybody's looking to me. Personally, I'd pass on the job. I don't enjoy being this close to you. [long pause] Hans Gruber: Go on. Holly Gennero McClane: We have a pregnant woman out there. [Hans looks disturbed] Holly Gennero McClane: Relax. She's not due for a couple of weeks. Sitting on that rock isn't doing her back any good, so I would like permission to move her to one of the office where there's a sofa. Hans Gruber: No, but I'll have a sofa brought out to you. Good enough? Holly Gennero McClane: Good enough, and unless you like it messy, I'd start bringing us in groups to the bathroom. Hans Gruber: Yes... you're right, it will be done.

§Die Hard ¤ Sergeant Al Powell: I shot a kid. He was 13 years old. Ohhh, it was dark, I couldn't see him. He had a ray gun, looked real enough. You know, when you're a rookie, they can teach you everything about bein' a cop except how to live with a mistake. Anyway, I just couldn't bring myself to draw my gun on anybody again.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: [during a shootout with McClane, who is barefoot] Karl, schieß dem Fenster [sic] Hans Gruber: [Karl gives Hans a puzzled look. Exasperated, Hans repeats it in English] *Shoot* the *glass!*

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: Happy trails, Hans.

§Die Hard ¤ Dwayne T. Robinson: Did you hear that? He just let the guy die, man. He just gave him up. Gimme that headset. That's like pullin' the trigger yourself. Sergeant Al Powell: Christ, man. Can't you see what's happening? Can't you read between the lines? Dwayne T. Robinson: Cold. This on the right channel? Cop: Yes, sir. Sergeant Al Powell: He did everything he could to save him. If he gave himself up, they'd both be dead right now. Dwayne T. Robinson: Oh, no way, man, no way. They'd be talking to us. Listen, you tell this partner of yours, Powell, to stay the hell out of this from now on, do you hear me? Because, if he doesn't, I'm gonna nail him, boy. I'm really gonna nail his ass, now, believe me. Sergeant Al Powell: The man is hurting! He is alone, tired, and he hasn't seen diddly-squat from anybody down here. Now you're gonna stand there and tell me that he's gonna give a damn about what you do to him, *if* he makes it out of there alive? Why don't you wake up and smell what you shoveling? Dwayne T. Robinson: You listen to me, Sergeant. Any time you wanna go home, you consider yourself dismissed. Sergeant Al Powell: No, sir. You couldn't drag me away.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: Nice suit. John Phillips, London. I have two myself. Rumor has it Arafat buys his there.

§Die Hard ¤ Sergeant Al Powell: [over radio] Hey, John? John McClane you still with us? John McClane: Yeah. But all things being equal, I'd rather be in Philadelphia. Chalk up two more bad guys. [Begins removing glass from foot] Sergeant Al Powell: Well, the boys down here will be glad to hear that. You know we got a pool going on you. John McClane: What kind of odds am I getting? Sergeant Al Powell: You don't wanna know. John McClane: Put me down for twenty, I'm good for it. [pulls shard of glass from foot] John McClane: . Hey pal, you got flat feet? Sergeant Al Powell: What the hell you talking about, man. John McClane: Something had to get you off the street. Sergeant Al Powell: What's the matter? You don't think jockeying papers around a desk is a noble effort for a cop? John McClane: No... Sergeant Al Powell: I had an accident. John McClane: The way you drive, I can see why. What'd you do? Run over your captains foot with the car? Sergeant Al Powell: I shot a kid. He was 13 years old. Oh, it was dark, I couldn't see him, he had a ray gun, looked real enough. You know when you're a rookie they can teach you everything about being a cop, except how to live with a mistake. Anyway, I just couldn't bring myself to draw my gun on anyone again. John McClane: ...Sorry man.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: The circuits that cannot be cut are cut automatically in response to a terrorist incident. You asked for miracles, Theo, I give you the F.B.I.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: When they touch down, we'll blow the roof, they'll spend a month sifting through rubble, and by the time they figure out what went wrong, we'll be sitting on a beach, earning twenty percent.

§Die Hard ¤ Harry Ellis: Hey babe, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast. I think I can handle this Eurotrash. Hey, sprechen ze talk, huh?

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [John is fighting Karl] You should have heard your brother squeal when I broke his fucking neck!

§Die Hard ¤ Big Johnson: [flying in the chopper to the roof] Just like fuckin' Saigon, hey, Slick? Little Johnson: [smiling] I was in junior high, dickhead.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [stealing Tony's shoes] Nine million terrorists in the world and I gotta kill one with feet smaller than my sister.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [upon seeing Marco arrive, suspense music plays] Freeze m*th*rf*cker! Drop it! Marco: [panicking] Don't! Don't! John McClane: Put that fucking gun down! Put the gun down! Marco: [starts to do so] Ok! But don't shoot! Don't shoot! John McClane: Drop the fucking gun! Marco: [still doing so but very slowly] I know! But don't shoot! Don't shoot! Heinrich: [music changes to a climatic theme as Heinrich comes in] Marco duck! [John easily shoots Heinrich but Marco manages to take cover. John then hides under a long conference table] Heinrich: [Meanwhile Al walks inside the building when he feels so sternly stoned] Sergeant Al Powell: Aw, the hell with this. [he walks away] Sergeant Al Powell: [after a quick scene change Marco is on the table shooting it as he walks down it] Marco: You are done! No more table. Where you going pal? [empties his clip and jams a fresh one in] Marco: Next time you have a chance to kill someone, don't hesitate. [John shoots him through the table, emptying his entire magazine] John McClane: Thank for the advice!

§Die Hard ¤ Gail Wallens: Author of "Hostage Terrorist, Terrorist Hostage: A Study in Duality." Dr. Hasseldorf, what can we expect in the next few hours? Dr. Hasseldorf: Well, Gail, by this time the hostages should be going through the early stages of the Helsinki Syndrome. Harvey Johnson: As in Helsinki, Sweden. Dr. Hasseldorf: Finland.

§Die Hard ¤ Harry Ellis: I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Hans Gruber: What does he want? Harry Ellis: It's not what I want, it's what I can give you. [comes in] Harry Ellis: Well, I've watched 60 Minutes, and I'm saying to myself, they're motivated, they're happening, I.E. they want something. Maybe it's because you're pissed off or maybe it's the jockies, it's none of my business. Hans Gruber: You're amazing. You've figured this all out out already. Harry Ellis: Hey, business is business. You use a gun, I use a fountain pen what's the difference? Let's put it in my terms: you're in a hostile takeover, you snatch us up for some green mail, but you're not expecting some poison pill to be running around the building, am I right? Hans, *bubby*, I'm your white knight. Hans Gruber: [Looking puzzled] I must have missed 60 Minutes. What are you saying? Harry Ellis: You know that guy that's fucking things up upstairs? [sits down] Harry Ellis: I can give him to you. [grins]

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [McClane watches fire trucks approach the building] C'mon baby, come ta' papa, I'll kiss ya' fuckin' dalmatian!

§Die Hard ¤ Dwayne T. Robinson: [Watching Hans fall to his death from the 30th floor] Oh, I hope that's not a hostage.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: Son of a bitch! Fist with your toes.

§Die Hard ¤ [Argyle turns on the radio in the limousine and Run DMC's "Christmas in Hollis" is playing] Argyle: Hey, that'll work. John McClane: Don't you got any Christmas music? Argyle: This *is* Christmas music!

§Die Hard ¤ Sergeant Al Powell: [about McClane] In fact, I think he's a cop. Maybe not LAPD, but he's definitely a badge. Dwayne T. Robinson: How do you know that? Sergeant Al Powell: A hunch, things he said. Like being able to spot a phony ID. Dwayne T. Robinson: Jesus Christ, Powell, he could be a fucking bartender for all we know.

§Die Hard ¤ Hans Gruber: [to Takagi] I'm going to count to three, there will not be a four. Give me the code.

§Die Hard ¤ John McClane: [Tying fire hose around his waist] Oh, John, what the fuck are you doing? How the fuck did you get into this shit?

§Metropolis ¤ Maria: HEAD and HANDS need a mediator. THE MEDIATOR BETWEEN HEAD AND HANDS MUST BE THE HEART! Worker #1: But where is our mediator, Maria - ? Maria: Wait for him! He will surely come! Worker #2: We will wait, Maria...! But not much longer - - !

§Metropolis ¤ Freder: Your magnificant city, Father - and you the brain of this city - and all of us in the city's light - - and where are the people, father, whose hands built your city - - - ? Joh Frederson: Where they belong... Freder: Where they belong...? In the depths...?

§Metropolis ¤ Man at Yoshiwara Nightclub: For her - all seven deadly sins!

§Metropolis ¤ Freder: What if one day those in the depths rise up against you?

§Metropolis ¤ Maria: Today I will tell you the legend of THE TOWER OF BABEL... "Come, let us build us a tower whose top may reach unto the stars! And the top of the tower we will write the words: Great is the world and its Creator! And great is Man!" But the minds that had conceived the Tower of Babel could not build it. The task was too great. So they hired hands for wages. But the hands that built the Tower of Babel knew nothing of the dream of the brain that had conceived it. BABEL. BABEL. BABEL. BABEL. One man's hymns of praise became other men's curses. People spoke the same language, but could not understand each other...

§Metropolis ¤ Maria: Look! These are your brothers! Look - ! These are your brothers!

§Metropolis ¤ Joh Frederson: What were you doing in the machine halls, Freder? Freder: I wanted to look into the faces of the people whose little children are my brothers, my sisters...

§Metropolis ¤ The Machine Man: [disguised as Maria] Who is the living food for the machines in Metropolis - ? Who lubricates the machine joints with their own blood - ? Who feeds the machines with their own flesh - ? Let the machines starve, you fools - ! Let them die - ! Kill them - the machines - !

§Metropolis ¤ Moving Title Card: Deep below - the earth's surface - lay the worker's city.

§Metropolis ¤ The Machine Man: [disguised as Maria] Women and men, let no one miss today - ! Death to the machines - !

§Metropolis ¤ Freder: MOLOCH!

§Metropolis ¤ Flash Card: One man's hymn of praise became other men's curses

§Metropolis ¤ Moving Title Card: As - deep - as lay - the workers' - city below the - earth, so high above - it towered the complex - known as the "Club of the - Sons," with its lecture halls and - libraries, its theaters and stadiums.

§Metropolis ¤ 11811 - Georgy: - the machine!... Someone has to stay at the machine!

§Metropolis ¤ Monk in the Pulpit: Verily, I say unto you, the days spoken of in the Apocalypse are nigh!

§Metropolis ¤ Freder: I must have a person who is faithful to me, Josaphat - how else will I be able to fulfill my destiny - ?

§Metropolis ¤ C.A. Rotwang - the Inventor: She is the most perfect and most obedient tool which mankind ever possessed! Tonight you will see her succeed before the upper ten thousand. You will see her dance...

§Metropolis ¤ Grot - the Guardian of the Heart Machine: Who told you to attack the machines, you fools? Without them you'll all die! Working Woman: It's the witch's fault - !

§Metropolis ¤ The Machine Man: [disguised as Maria] Let's all watch as the world goes to the devil!

§Metropolis ¤ Freder: To the new Tower of Babel - to my father - !

§Metropolis ¤ Maria: Oh mediator, have you finally come? Freder: You called me - - here I am!

§Metropolis ¤ C.A. Rotwang - the Inventor: Come! It is time to give the Machine-Man your face!

§Metropolis ¤ Worker #3: Get your women, your sons, from the worker's city! Let no one stay behind! Death to the machines - !

§Metropolis ¤ The Machine Man: [disguised as Maria] Leave the machines - ! Let them race to their death -! To the Heart Machine - !

§Metropolis ¤ Joh Frederson: [Talking on a video phone] Open the gates! Open the gates, I said! Grot - the Guardian of the Heart Machine: If the Heart Machine is destroyed the entire machine district will end up in ruins - !

§Metropolis ¤ Flash Card: "Do not despair; one of the thieves was saved. Do not presume; one of the thieves was damned." Saint Augustine

§Like Stars on Earth ¤ Ram Shankar Nikumbh: lf you fancy racing, breed racehorses, dammit, not children.

§Like Stars on Earth ¤ Ram Shankar Nikumbh: On Solomon Islands when the natives want a part of the forest for cultivation they don't cut the trees. They simply gather around the tree and shout abuses to their heart's content. They curse it. In a matter of days the tree withers and shrivels. It dies on its own.

§Like Stars on Earth ¤ Ram Shankar Nikumbh: Putting the weight of your ambitions on the delicate shoulders of your child... it's worse than child labour.

§Like Stars on Earth ¤ Ram Shankar Nikumbh: There are various diamonds that have been born in this world, who have changed the map of this whole world... because they were able to see this world from a different angle

§Like Stars on Earth ¤ Ram Shankar Nikumbh: Every child has their own speciality, their own potential, their own likings.

§Like Stars on Earth ¤ Ram Shankar Nikumbh: It is very important to take care... it has the power of curing within it... and it's a medicine which eliminates pain.

§Snatch ¤ Policeman: So, what you doin here? Turkish: I'm taking the dog for a walk. What's the problem? Policeman: What's in the car? Turkish: Seats and a steering wheel.

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: You take sugar? Brick Top: No thank you, Turkish; I'm sweet enough.

§Snatch ¤ Vinny: I thought you said he was a getaway driver. What the fuck can he get away from, eh?

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: Do you know what "nemesis" means? A righteous infliction of retribution manifested by an appropriate agent. Personified in this case by an 'orrible cunt... me.

§Snatch ¤ Tyrone: I don't want that dog dribbling on my seats. Vinny: Your seats? Tyrone, this is a stolen car, mate.

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: What's happening with them sausages, Charlie? Sausage Charlie: Five minutes, Turkish. Turkish: It was two minutes five minutes ago.

§Snatch ¤ Avi: Should I call you Bullet? Tooth? Bullet Tooth Tony: You can call me Susan if it makes you happy.

§Snatch ¤ Avi: Eighty-six carats. Rosebud: Where? Avi: London. Rosebud: London? Avi: London. Avi's Colleague: London? Avi: Yes, London. You know: fish, chips, cup 'o tea, bad food, worse weather, Mary fucking Poppins... LONDON.

§Snatch ¤ [Tyrone just backed into Franky Four Fingers' van] Tyrone: I didn't see it there. Vinny: It's a four ton truck, Tyrone. Its not as if it's a packet of fucking peanuts, is it? Tyrone: It was a funny angle. [All three turn and look back at the truck] Vinny: It's behind you Tyrone. Whenever you reverse, things come from behind you.

§Snatch ¤ Bullet Tooth Tony: You should never underestimate the predictability of stupidity.

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: You're always gonna have problems lifting a body in one piece. Apparently the best thing to do is cut up a corpse into six pieces and pile it all together. Sol: Would someone mind telling me, who are you? Brick Top: And when you got your six pieces, you gotta get rid of them, because it's no good leaving it in the deep freeze for your mum to discover, now is it? Then I hear the best thing to do is feed them to pigs. You got to starve the pigs for a few days, then the sight of a chopped-up body will look like curry to a pisshead. You gotta shave the heads of your victims, and pull the teeth out for the sake of the piggies' digestion. You could do this afterwards, of course, but you don't want to go sievin' through pig shit, now do you? They will go through bone like butter. You need at least sixteen pigs to finish the job in one sitting, so be wary of any man who keeps a pig farm. They will go through a body that weighs 200 pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute. Hence the expression, "as greedy as a pig". Vinny: Well, thank you for that. That's a great weight off me mind. Now, if you wouldn't mind telling me who the fuck you are, apart from someone who feeds people to pigs of course?

§Snatch ¤ Bullet Tooth Tony: So, you are obviously the big dick. The men on the side of ya are your balls. Now there are two types of balls. There are big brave balls, and there are little mincey faggot balls. Vinny: These are your last words, so make them a prayer. Bullet Tooth Tony: Now, dicks have drive and clarity of vision, but they are not clever. They smell pussy and they want a piece of the action. And you thought you smelled some good old pussy, and have brought your two little mincey faggot balls along for a good old time. But you've got your parties muddled up. There's no pussy here, just a dose that'll make you wish you were born a woman. Like a prick, you are having second thoughts. You are shrinking, and your two little balls are shrinking with you. And the fact that you've got "Replica" written down the side of your guns... [Zoom in on the side of Sol's gun, which indeed has "REPLICA" etched on the side; zoom out, as they sneak peeks at the sides of their guns] Bullet Tooth Tony: And the fact that I've got "Desert Eagle point five O"... [Withdraws his gun and puts it on the table] Bullet Tooth Tony: Written on the side of mine... [They look, zoom in on the side of his gun, which indeed has "DESERT EAGLE .50" etched on the side] Bullet Tooth Tony: Should precipitate your balls into shrinking, along with your presence. Now... Fuck off!

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: In the quiet words of the Virgin Mary... come again?

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: Well the rabbit gets fucked. Tommy: [pauses] Proper fucked? Turkish: Yes, before "Zee Germans" get there.

§Snatch ¤ Bullet Tooth Tony: A bookie's got blagged last night. Avi: Blagged? Speak English to me, Tony. I thought this country spawned the fucking language, and so far nobody seems to speak it.

§Snatch ¤ Mickey: Good dags. D'ya like dags? Tommy: Dags? Mickey: What? Mrs. O'Neil: Yeah, dags. Tommy: Oh, dogs. Sure, I like dags. I like caravans more.

§Snatch ¤ Avi: You got a toothbrush? We're going to London. Do you hear that, Doug? I'm coming to London. [Avi arrives in London] Doug the Head: Avi! Avi: Shut up and sit down, you big, bald fuck. I don't like leaving my own country, Doug, and I especially don't like leaving it for anything less then warm sandy beaches, and cocktails with little straw hats. Doug the Head: We've got sandy beaches... Avi: So? Who the fuck wants to see 'em? I hope you appreciate the concern I have for my friend Franky, Doug. I'm gonna find him, and you're gonna help me find him, and we're gonna start at that fight.

§Snatch ¤ Boris 'The Blade' Yurinov: [referring to Tommy's gun] Heavy is good, heavy is reliable. If it doesn't work you can always hit them with it.

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: I don't care if he's Muhammad "I'm hard" Bruce Lee. You can't change fighters.

§Snatch ¤ Bullet Tooth Tony: Boris the Blade? As in Boris the Bullet-Dodger? Avi: Why do they call him the Bullet-Dodger? Bullet Tooth Tony: 'Cause he dodges bullets, Avi.

§Snatch ¤ [first lines] Turkish: [narrating] My name is Turkish. Funny name for an Englishman, I know. My parents to be were on the same plane when it crashed. That's how they met. They named me after the name of the plane. Not many people are named after a plane crash. That's Tommy. He tells people he was named after a gun, but I know he was really named after a famous 19th century ballet dancer.

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: [looks at the caravan] Look at it. How am I suppose to run this thing from that? We'll need a proper office. I want a new one, Tommy. You're going to buy it for me. Tommy: Why me? Turkish: Well, you know about caravans. Tommy: How's that? Turkish: You spent a summer in one, which means you know more than me. And I don't want to have my pants pulled down over the price. Tommy: What's wrong with this one? Turkish: [Pulls the caravan's door from its hinges] Oh, nothing, Tommy. It's tiptop. It's just I'm not sure about the colour.

§Snatch ¤ Customs official: Anything to declare? Avi: Yeah. Don't go to England.

§Snatch ¤ Franky Four Fingers: So the Biblical scholars mis-translated the Hebrew word for "young woman" into the Greek word for "virgin," which was a pretty easy mistake to make, since there is only a subtle difference in the spelling. But back then it was the "virgin" that caught people's attention. It's not every day a virgin conceives and bears a son. So you keep that for a couple of hundred years, and the next thing you know, you have the Holy Catholic church.

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: Listen, you fucking fringe, if I throw a dog a bone, I don't want to know if it tastes good or not. You stop me again whilst I'm walking, and I'll cut your fucking Jacobs off.

§Snatch ¤ Vinny: Why are we stopped here? What's wrong with that spot? Tyrone: It's too tight. Vinny: Too tight? You could land a jumbo fucking jet in that.

§Snatch ¤ [Doug sees four Jewish kids smoking] Doug the Head: What are you doing? Jewish Boy: [spits] It's a free country, ain't it? Doug the Head: Well it ain't a free shop, is it? So fuck off!

§Snatch ¤ Gorgeous George: Get back down or you will not be coming up next time. [watches as Mickey warms up] Gorgeous George: Oh, bollocks to you. This is sick. I'm out of here. Mickey: You're not going anywhere, you thick lump. [Pulls off his shirt] Mickey: You stay until the job's done. [kisses his good luck charms and knocks Gorgeous out with a single punch] Turkish: [narrating] It turned out that the sweet-talking, tattoo-sporting pikey was a gypsy bare-knuckle boxing champion. Which makes him harder than a coffin nail. Right now, that's the last thing on Tommy's mind. If Gorgeous doesn't wake up in the next few minutes, Tommy knows he'll be buried with him. Why would the gypsies go through the trouble of explaining why a man died in their campsite when they can bury the pair of them and just move camp? It's not like they got social security numbers, is it? Tommy - the tit - is praying. And if he isn't, he fucking should be.

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: Do you know what nemesis means? A righteous infliction of retribution manifested by an appropriate agent, personified in this case by a 'orrible cunt, me.

§Snatch ¤ Sol: He's a natural, ain't you Tyrone? Tyrone: 'course I am... [reverses into parked van] Vinny: A natural fucking idiot.

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: What do you think, Errol? Errol: I think we should drip-dry them, Guv'nor, while we have the chance. Brick Top: It was a rhetorical question, Errol. What have I told you about thinking?

§Snatch ¤ Sol: I'm not in here to make a fucking bet. Female Bookie: 'Preciated, but all... bets... are... off. If all bets are off, then there can't be any money can't there? Sol: I'm not fucking buying that. Female Bookie: Well that's handy, 'cause I ain't fucking selling it. It's a fact.

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: Fuck me, hold tight. What's that? Tommy: It's me belt, Turkish. Turkish: No, Tommy. There's a gun in your trousers. What's a gun doing in your trousers? Tommy: It's for protection. Turkish: Protection from what? "Zee Germans"?

§Snatch ¤ Avi: I'm gettin' heartburn. Tony, do something terrible.

§Snatch ¤ Tommy: Who took the jam outta your doughnut? Turkish: You took the fucking jam outta my doughnut, Tommy. You did.

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: Have you ever crossed the road, and looked the wrong way? A car's nearly on you? So what do you do? Something very silly. You freeze. Your life doesn't flash before you, 'cause you're too fuckin' scared to think - you just freeze and pull a stupid face. But the pikey didn't. Why? Because he had plans of running the car over.

§Snatch ¤ Mickey: I'll tell ya what. I'll do it for a caravan. Turkish: For what? Pikeys: For a caravan. Tommy: It was us who wanted a caravan. [looking around] Tommy: Anyway, what's wrong with this one? Mickey: It's not for me. It's for me ma. Turkish: Your what? Pikeys: His ma.

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: You show me how to control a wild fucking gypsy and I'll show you how to control an unhinged, pig-feeding gangster.

§Snatch ¤ Avi: Tony. Bullet Tooth Tony: What? Avi: Look in the dog. Bullet Tooth Tony: What do you mean "look in the dog?" Avi: I mean open him up. Bullet Tooth Tony: It's not as if it's a tin of baked beans! What do you mean "open him up"?

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: Well, do you want to do it? Mickey: That depends. Turkish: On what? Mickey: On you buying this caravan. Not the rouge one, the rose. Turkish: It's not the same caravan. Mickey: It's not the same fight. Turkish: It's twice the fucking size of the last one. Mickey: Turkish, the fight is twice the size. And me ma still needs a caravan. I like to look after me ma. It's a fair deal. Take it. Turkish: Mickey, you're lucky we aren't worm food after your last performance. Buying a tart's mobile palace is a little fucking rich. [Realizes his mistake] Turkish: I wasn't calling your mum a tart. I just meant... Mickey: Ah, save your breath for cooling your porridge. Now, look... Mickey: She wants the Hector-2 roof lights, uh... the stylish ash-framed furniture and the scatter cushions with the matching shag pile covering. Mickey: Right. And she's terrible partial to the periwinkle blue, boys. Have I made myself clear, boys? Turkish: Yeah, that's perfectly clear, Mickey. Yeah... just give me one minute to confer with my colleague. [to Tommy] Turkish: Did you understand a single word of what he just said?

§Snatch ¤ Vinny: What the fuck do you mean, replicas? Sol: They look the shit, don't they? And nobody is gonna argue. And I've got some extra loud blanks, just in case. Vinny: In... Oh, in case we have to deafen them to death?

§Snatch ¤ Errol: Fuckface, who's speaking to you? He asked him, didn't he? Turkish: Fuckface... I like that one Errol. I'll have to remember that one next time I'm climbing off yer mum.

§Snatch ¤ Vinny: Did he have four fingers? Sol: I'm sorry, I couldn't get the bin-noc-u-lars out in time.

§Snatch ¤ [while robbing the bookies] Sol: Are you all right there Vincent? Vinny: I would be if you stopped using my name.

§Snatch ¤ Boris 'The Blade' Yurinov: [after shooting Frankie] Drop the gun, fat boy. [Tyrone does] Boris 'The Blade' Yurinov: [re: Frankie] You fucking idiots! He could not know my name. Give me the stone. Vinny: [pointing] It's in the case. Boris 'The Blade' Yurinov: What? [takes out his earplugs] Vinny: It's in the case! Boris 'The Blade' Yurinov: You put the stone in the case? Then open the case and give me the stone. Sol: The only man who knew the combination... you just shot. Boris 'The Blade' Yurinov: [mutters] Yob tvoyu mat... [Russian, "fuck your mother"]

§Snatch ¤ Sol: You ain't from this planet are you, Vincent? Who is gonna mug two black fellas, holding pistols, sat in a car that is worth less than your shirt?

§Snatch ¤ Bullet Tooth Tony: Avi, pull your socks up. [Avi finally understands his lingo and drops to the ground]

§Snatch ¤ Brick Top: You're on thin fucking ice my pedigree chums, and I shall be under it when it breaks. Now, fuck off.

§Snatch ¤ [looking at the video of Sol and Vinny, trapped in the foyer of the bookie's by the security door] Brick Top: Do you know these tits, Errol? Errol: I know a lot of tits, Guv'nor. But I don't know any quite as fucking stupid as these two. Brick Top: John? John: I can't help, Guv. [Tyrone pokes his head in the door] Errol: Ah, Tyrone. Errol, John: You silly fat bastard.

§Snatch ¤ Turkish: I'm sorry, Mickey. Mickey: Did ya do it? Then why are ya sorry?

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: "There's a cure for everything except death."

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: "Why should I kill myself worrying when I'll end up just as dead?"

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: I've been cursed since the day I was born.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: You live and you suffer.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ The Beggar: I mind my own business, I bother nobody, and what do I get? Trouble.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ La Santona: [Addressing a young man seated before her, apparently seeking advice on his love life] You must plant your seeds in another field. Do you understand what I mean? Young man seeking advice: No, I don't understand. La Santona: It's simple, my boy. What good is planting seeds if the soil rejects them? You plant, but don't gather. Understand? Young man seeking advice: I haven't understood a word. La Santona: [Becoming impatient] She doesn't love you! Forget her! La Santona: [Pausing for effect] Dear boy, you're very ugly. Yes, ugly. There are so many other women... Go and plow another field!

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: [At a restaurant, he and his son notice a nearby table occupied by an apparently well-off family who are eating quite well] To eat like that, you'd have to earn at least a million a month.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: Your mother and her prayers can't help us.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: Forget everything. We'll get drunk!

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: It's always the same! I might as well go and jump in the river.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Amateur Actor: [singing] If you really, really loved me, You'd make sure I wasn't taken for a ride by other people. Baiocco: People. Amateur Actor: People. Baiocco: People. Amateur Actor: People. Baiocco: People.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ La Santona: What have they stolen? Antonio Ricci: My bike. La Santona: What can I say? I can only tell you what I see. Listen: you'll find it straight away or not at all. Understand? You'll find it straight away or not at all. Keep your eyes open. Antonio Ricci: Where, straight away? La Santona: How should I know? Go and try to understand what I said. You'll find it straight away or not at all.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Employment Officer: Hey, Ricci, remember your bike! You have to have a bike. Antonio Ricci: A bike? I have and I haven't. I can't get my hands on it right now. Perhaps in a few days time. Employment Officer: You need one straight away or they won't take you on. Antonio Ricci: I can do it on foot for the first few days. Employment Officer: If you haven't got a bike, you'll have to let someone else take it.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Employment Officer: Have you got a bike or haven't you? Antonio Ricci: I've got one. I've got one. Employment Officer: Remember if you haven't got a bike, there's nothing doing, right? Antonio Ricci: Think I'm going to wait another two years? I'll be there with a bike.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: Baiocchi. You've got to help me. I've got to get my bike back. Baiocco: Easier said than done.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio: It's pointless. These's nothing doing. It always rains on Sundays.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Maria: You shouldn't have pawned your bike! Antonio Ricci: And how were you supposed to eat?

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Bruno: What about the bike?

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Baiocco: Trust me, we'll sort it out somehow.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Meniconi, the Street Sweeper: It always rains on Sunday. You finish at one and you have to stay shut up indoors... I can't stand what's on at the cinema, I really can't stand it.

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: [to Bruno] Do you fancy a pizza? Come on, then! Come on, let's go! What the hell. We might as well go out in style. What's the point in worrying about it all?

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Antonio Ricci: Don't you want anything to drink? If your mother were to see you! But we're going to do what we want!

§Bicycle Thieves ¤ Bike Painter: We're all honest here in Piazza Vittorio! Bagonghi: Yeahhh! Bike Painter: What d'ya mean, "Yeaaah"? Bagonghi: Nyaaaah!

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: Have you a valediction, boyo? Jack Vincennes: [gasping out a name] ... Rollo Tamasi. [laughs, painfully, to himself as he dies]

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: I wouldn't trade places with Edmund Exley right now for all the whiskey in Ireland.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: Go back to Jersey, sonny. This is the City of the Angels, and you haven't got any wings.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: Edmund, you're a political animal. You have the eye for human weakness, but not the stomach. Ed Exley: You're wrong, sir. Captain Dudley Smith: Would you be willing to plant corroborative evidence on a suspect you knew to be guilty, in order to ensure an indictment? Ed Exley: Dudley, we've been over this. Captain Dudley Smith: Yes or no, Edmund? Ed Exley: No! Captain Dudley Smith: Would you be willing to beat a confession out of a suspect you knew to be guilty? Ed Exley: No. Captain Dudley Smith: Would you be willing to shoot a hardened criminal in the back, in order to offset the chance that some... lawyer... Ed Exley: No. Captain Dudley Smith: Then, for the love of God, don't be a detective. Stick to assignments where you don't have... Ed Exley: Dudley, I know you mean well, but I don't need to do it the way you did. Or my father. Captain Dudley Smith: At least get rid of the glasses. I can't think of another man in the department who wears them.

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: If we're going to figure this out, we need to work together. Bud White: The Nite Owl made you. You want to tear all that down? Ed Exley: With a wrecking ball. You want to help me swing it?

§L.A ¤ Lynn Bracken: I see Bud because I want to. I see Bud because he can't hide the good inside of him. I see Bud because he treats me like Lynn Bracken and not some Veronica Lake look-alike who fucks for money.

§L.A ¤ Jack Vincennes: I'm the technical advisor. I teach Brett Chase how to walk and talk like a cop. Jack's Dancing Partner: Brett Chase doesn't walk and talk like you. Jack Vincennes: Well, that's 'cause he's the television version. America isn't ready for the real me.

§L.A ¤ [last lines] Lynn Bracken: Some men get the world. Others get ex-hookers and a trip to Arizona. [She kisses Exley on the cheek] Lynn Bracken: Bye. Ed Exley: Bye.

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: Do you make the three Negroes for the Nite Owl killings? Jack Vincennes: [puzzled] What? Ed Exley: It's a simple question. Jack Vincennes: Why in the world do you wanna go digging any deeper into the Nite Owl killings... Lieutenant? Ed Exley: ...Rollo Tamasi. Jack Vincennes: Is there more to that, or am I supposed to guess? Ed Exley: [pauses] Rollo was a purse snatcher. My father ran into him off duty, and he shot my father six times and got away clean. No one even knew who he was. I just made the name up to give him some personality. Jack Vincennes: What's your point? Ed Exley: Rollo Tamasi is the reason I became a cop. I wanted to catch the guys who thought they could get away with it. It's supposed to be about justice. Then somewhere along the way, I lost sight of that... Why'd you become a cop? Jack Vincennes: [hoarsely] Huh. I don't remember. [brief hesitation] Jack Vincennes: What do you want, Exley? Ed Exley: I just wanna solve this thing. Jack Vincennes: The Nite Owl *was* solved. Ed Exley: No; I wanna do it right. Jack Vincennes: Even if it means paying the consequences? [Exley nods his head, Vincennes stands up from his chair] Jack Vincennes: All right, college boy, I'll help. But there's a case you boys in Homicide don't care about, you think it's just another Hollywood "homo"-cide. Well, I don't. You help me with mine, I'll help you with yours. Deal? Ed Exley: Deal.

§L.A ¤ Lynn Bracken: You say "fuck" a lot. Bud White: You fuck for money.

§L.A ¤ Johnny Stompanato: You want an autograph? Write to MGM. Ed Exley: Since when do two-bit hoods and hookers give out autographs? Johnny Stompanato: What'd you say to me? Ed Exley: LAPD. Sit down. Lana Turner: Who in the hell do you think you are? Jack Vincennes: Ed... Ed Exley: Take a walk, honey, before I haul your ass downtown. Johnny Stompanato: You are making a large mistake. Lana Turner: Get away from our table! Ed Exley: Shut up! A hooker cut to look like Lana Turner is still a hooker. Johnny Stompanato: Hey! Ed Exley: She just looks like Lana Turner. Jack Vincennes: She *is* Lana Turner. Ed Exley: [stunned] What? Jack Vincennes: She *is* Lana Turner. [Lana throws a drink in Ed's face]

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: [Captain Smith briefs the squad room on Jack Vincennes' death; Exley is standing beside him] Sergeant Vincennes was killed by a .32 slug to the heart. Time of death, approximately 1 a.m. Although he was found in Echo Park, preliminary forensics indicates his body was most likely moved. I want two-man teams to scour that entire neighborhood. Our justice must be swift and merciless. That is all. Captain Dudley Smith: [Exley starts to leave with the other officers] Edmund, might I have a word with you? We're trying to run down a lead on an associate of Vincennes. The records check has led to a dead end. Ed Exley: What's the name? Captain Dudley Smith: Rollo Tomasi. Have you ever heard Vincennes mention him? Ed Exley: [poker-faced] No. No, I haven't. Captain Dudley Smith: Well, it's probably nothing. Still, keep your eyes open, eh, boyo? [Captain Smith exits as Exley glares at him from behind]

§L.A ¤ [Exley and White are waiting inside the Victory Motel with guns drawn] Ed Exley: All I ever wanted was to measure up to my father. Bud White: Now's your chance. [Exley gives him a puzzled look] Bud White: He died in the line of duty, didn't he? [the two share a laugh, just before thugs storm the room and a gunfight begins]

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: A naked man with a gun? Do you really expect anyone to believe that? Bud White: Get the fuck away from me. Ed Exley: How's it gonna look in your report? Bud White: It'll look like justice. That's what the man got. Justice. Ed Exley: You don't know the meaning of the word, you ignorant bastard. Bud White: Oh yeah, well you think it means getting your picture in the paper. Why don't you go after criminals for a change, instead of cops? [punches Exley in the shoulder and then starts to walk away] Ed Exley: Stensland got what he deserved, and so will you. [a furious White tries to attack Exley, only to be restrained by the Captain and by several other cops] Captain Dudley Smith: It's best to stay away from a man when his blood is up. Ed Exley: His blood is always up. Captain Dudley Smith: Then perhaps you should stay away from him altogether.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: You'll do as I say, and ask no questions. Do you follow my drift? Bud White: In technicolor, sir.

§L.A ¤ Bud White: I'd like to see you again. Lynn Bracken: Are you asking me for a date, or an appointment? Bud White: ...I don't know. Lynn Bracken: Well, if you're asking me for a date, I should know your first name. Bud White: [embarrassed] Forget I asked. It was a mistake.

§L.A ¤ [White approaches Loew in the bathroom after he refused to answer Exley's questions] Ellis Loew: Unless you came here to wipe my ass, I believe we're through. [White looks at him, silently] Ellis Loew: Come on, don't try that "Good Cop-Bad Cop" crap. I practically invented it. So what if some homo actor is dead, huh? Boys, girls, ten of them step off the bus to L.A. every day... [White smashes Loew's head into the mirror and then sticks it into the toilet] Ellis Loew: Pull him off me, Exley! Ed Exley: I don't know how. Bud White: Now, I know you think you're the A-number one hotshot. But here's the juice: if I take you out, there'll be ten more lawyers to take your place tomorrow. They just won't come on the bus, that's all! [White drags Loew into his office and dangles him out of the window by his legs until he confesses] Ed Exley: Was that how you used to run the "Good Cop-Bad Cop"?

§L.A ¤ Lynn Bracken: You're the first man in five years who didn't tell me I look like Veronica Lake inside of a minute. Bud White: You look better than Veronica Lake.

§L.A ¤ Bud White: Merry Christmas. Lynn Bracken: Merry Christmas to you, officer. Bud White: That obvious, huh? Lynn Bracken: It's practically stamped on your forehead.

§L.A ¤ City Councilman: [told by Bud to leave Lynn's house] Maybe I will. Maybe I won't. Bud White: [flashes his badge] LAPD, shitbird. Get the fuck outta here or I'll call your wife to come get you! [while Lynn hides a smile, the client gathers up his clothes, and walks out front door] City Councilman: Officer. Bud White: Councilman.

§L.A ¤ [White catches a parolee beating his wife] Wife Beater: Who in the hell are you? Bud White: The ghost of Christmas past. Why don't you dance with a man for a change? Wife Beater: What are you, some kind of smart ass? [tries to attack Bud] Bud White: [after beating up and handcuffing the wife beater] You'll be out in a year and a half. I'll get cozy with your parole officer. You touch her again, I'll have you violated on a kiddie raper beef. Bud White: [grabs wife beater by the head] You know what they do to kiddie rapers in Quentin, don't ya?

§L.A ¤ Sid Hudgens: Off the record, on the QT, and very hush-hush.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: Hold up your badge, so they'll know you're a policeman.

§L.A ¤ Jack Vincennes: Oh, great. You get the girl, I get the coroner.

§L.A ¤ [first lines] Sid Hudgens: [voiceover] Come to Los Angeles! The sun shines bright, the beaches are wide and inviting, and the orange groves stretch as far as the eye can see. There are jobs aplenty, and land is cheap. Every working man can have his own house, and inside every house, a happy, all-American family. You can have all this, and who knows... you could even be discovered, become a movie star... or at least see one. Life is good in Los Angeles... it's paradise on Earth." Ha ha ha ha. That's what they tell you, anyway.

§L.A ¤ Bud White: Something's wrong with the Nite Owl. I know it in here, [points to his chest] Bud White: I know it. That prick Exley shot the wrong guys. Whoever killed my partner, is still out there. I... If I could work cases like a real detective, I could prove it. But I'm not smart enough. I'm just the guy they bring in to scare the other guy shitless. Lynn Bracken: You're wrong. You found Patchett, you found me. You're smart enough.

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: Rollo Tomasi. Captain Dudley Smith: Who is he? Ed Exley: You are. You're the guy who gets away with it. Jack knew it, and so do I.

§L.A ¤ [Exley has to perform the interrogation] Jack Vincennes: Are you sure Golden Boy is up to the task, Cap? Captain Dudley Smith: Oh, I think you'd be surprised what the lad is capable of.

§L.A ¤ Sid Hudgens: 'It's Christmas Eve in the City of Angels and while decent citizens sleep the sleep of the righteous, hopheads prowl for marijuana, not knowing that a man is coming to stop them! Celebrity crimestopper Jack Vincennes, scourge of grasshoppers and dopefiends everywhere!' Ya like it, Jackie boy? Jack Vincennes: Yeah, subtle.

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: [they are looking at each other's faces, both bloodied by Bud] Are you okay? Lynn Bracken: [nods] You okay? Ed Exley: Bud hates himself for what he did. Lynn Bracken: I know how he feels.

§L.A ¤ Bud White: Bullshit. How would a two-bit hick like Meeks get his hands on a large supply of heroin? Johnny Stompanato: You're right, it's probably bullshit. Even if he did, he could never unload it. Not without drawing all kinds of attention. Bud White: Maybe that's why he's under a house in Elysian Park and he don't smell too good, paisano.

§L.A ¤ Dick Stensland: You're like Santa Claus with that list, Bud, except everyone on it's been naughty.

§L.A ¤ Sid Hudgens: Are you tight with the DA, Jackie? Jack Vincennes: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He tried to throw me off the force last Christmas as a little joke.

§L.A ¤ Lynn Bracken: [to Ed] Fucking me and fucking Bud aren't the same thing, you know.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: Bud White is a valuable officer. Ed Exley: White's a mindless thug. Captain Dudley Smith: No, Edmund, he's just a man who can answer yes to those questions I've asked you from time to time.

§L.A ¤ [lying in bed, Lynn touches a scar on Bud's shoulder] Lynn Bracken: Where did this come from? Bud White: When I was twelve, my old man went after my mother with a bottle. I got in the way. Lynn Bracken: So you saved her. Bud White: ...Not for long. Lynn Bracken: I'm sorry, it's none of my business... Bud White: He tied me to the radiator. I watched him beat my mother to death with a tire iron. Then he left me there. Three days before a truant officer found us... They never found the old man. Lynn Bracken: Is that why you became a cop? To get even? Bud White: ...Maybe.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: I admire you as a policeman - particularly your adherence to violence as a necessary adjunct to the job.

§L.A ¤ Pierce Patchett: I use girls that look like movie stars. Sometimes I employ a plastic surgeon. When the work had been done, that's when you saw us. Bud White: That's why her mother couldn't I.D. her. Jesus fucking Christ. Pierce Patchett: No, Mr. White. Pierce Morehouse Patchett. Now I sense that you're on your best behavior, but that's really all you're going to get. If you have any more questions, I'll meet you with my attorney.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: Don't start tryin' to do the right thing, boy-o. You haven't the practice.

§L.A ¤ [as Exley explains the mystery, while the Chief, Lowe and several Department officials watch through the two-way mirror] LAPD Official: Christ, it'll stain the Department for years. Police Chief: Decades. Ellis Loew: If we can get the kid to play ball, who's to say what really happened? Maybe Dudley Smith died a hero. [the interrogator leaves the room and shuts the door. Alone in the room, Exley smiles] Police Chief: [through intercom] You want to tell me what you're smiling about? Ed Exley: A hero. LAPD Official: How could he know what we were saying? Police Chief: [through intercom] And? Ed Exley: In a situation like this, you're going to need more than one.

§L.A ¤ [to Lynn] Bud White: Don't ever try to fucking bribe me or I'll have you and Patchett in shit up to your ears.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: [interrogation at the Victory Motel] Reciprocity, Mr. Hudgens, is the key to every relationship.

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: [pointing a gun at Bud after Bud has attacked him] Dudley killed Jack. He wants you to kill me. He showed you the photo, didn't he? Didn't he? [Bud knocks the gun out of his hand and continues to beat him] Ed Exley: Think, goddamn you, *think!*

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: I'm talking about the gas chamber, and you haven't even asked me what this is about. You've got a big "Guilty" sign around your neck.

§L.A ¤ Captain Dudley Smith: I doubt you've ever taken a stupid breath. Don't start now.

§L.A ¤ Jack Vincennes: Karen, this is Sid Hudgens of Hush-Hush Magazine. Sid Hudgens: Hellooooo, Karen! Jack's Dancing Partner: Hello yourself! [walks off angrily] Jack Vincennes: What's that about? Sid Hudgens: Eh, we ran a piece last year, "Ingenue Dykes in Hollywood." Her name got mentioned.

§L.A ¤ Ed Exley: During our investigation of events surrounding the Nite Owl case, Jack Vincennes, Bud White, and I learned the following. Ellis Loew: Your golden boy's throwing his whole life away. Ed Exley: The three Nite Owl suspects, while guilty of kidnapping and rape, were innocent of the multiple homicides at the Nite Owl. The actual gunmen were most likely Los Angeles Police Department officers Michael Breuning and William Carlisle, and a third man who may or may not have been Captain Dudley Smith. The objective: the elimination of another police officer, Richard Stensland, who, along with former LAPD officer Leland "Buzz" Meeks, also committed multiple homicides on behalf of Captain Smith and then betrayed him over twenty-five pounds of heroin, the retrieval of which was the ultimate motivation behind the Nite Owl killings. Beginning with the incarceration of Mickey Cohen, Captain Smith has been assuming control of organized crime in the city of Los Angeles. This includes the assassinations of an unknown number of Mickey Cohen lieutenants, the systematic blackmail of city officials, and the murders of Susan Lefferts, Pierce Patchett, Sid Hudgens, and Sergeant Jack Vincennes. Captain Smith admitted as much to me before I shot him at the Victory Motel.

§L.A ¤ Jack Vincennes: Oh, lookee here: the great jerkoff case of 1953.

§L.A ¤ Dick Stensland: I got a hot date. Bud White: Yeah? Who is she and what did you arrest her for?

§L.A ¤ [to Ray Collins] Ed Exley: They called you 'Sugar', 'cause you liked to give it out... so sweet.

§1917 ¤ General Erinmore: [quoting Rudyard Kipling] Down to Gehenna, or up to the Throne, He travels the fastest who travels alone.

§1917 ¤ Colonel MacKenzie: I hoped today might be a good day. Hope is a dangerous thing. That's it for now, then next week, Command will send a different message. Attack at dawn. There is only one way this war ends. Last man standing.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Blake: You'll be wanking again in no time! Lance Corporal Schofield: Wrong hand.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Schofield: [talking about his medal] I swapped it with a French captain. Lance Corporal Blake: You swapped it? For what? Lance Corporal Schofield: A bottle of wine. Lance Corporal Blake: What did you do that for? Lance Corporal Schofield: I was thirsty.

§1917 ¤ General Erinmore: They're walking into a trap. Your orders are to deliver a message calling off tomorrow morning's attack. If you fail, it will be a massacre.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Blake: Sir, the General is sure the enemy have withdrawn. There are aerials of the new line... Lieutenant Leslie: Shut up. We've fought and died over every inch of this fucking place, now they suddenly give us miles? It's a trap. [Leans in to Schofield] Lieutenant Leslie: But, chin up. There's a medal in it for sure. Nothing like a scrap of ribbon to cheer up a widow.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Blake: Am I dying? Lance Corporal Schofield: Yes... yes, I think you are.

§1917 ¤ Lieutenant Leslie: Settle a bet. What day is it? Lance Corporal Schofield: Friday. Lieutenant Leslie: Friday, well, well, well. None of us were right. This idiot thought it was Tuesday.

§1917 ¤ Title Card: For Lance Corporal Alfred H. Mendes, 1st Battalion King's Royal Rifle Corps, who told us the stories.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Blake: [Schofield and Blake are in the underground German billet] Bloody hell! Even their rats are bigger than ours.

§1917 ¤ Captain Smith: I'm sorry about your friend. May I tell you something you probably already know. It doesn't do to dwell on it. Lance Corporal Schofield: No, sir.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Blake: Will you write to my Mum for me? Lance Corporal Schofield: I will. Lance Corporal Blake: Tell her I wasn't scared. Lance Corporal Schofield: Anything else. Lance Corporal Blake: I love them. I wish that... I wish...

§1917 ¤ [first lines] Sergeant Sanders: Blake. Blake! Lance Corporal Blake: [waking] Sorry, Sarge. Sergeant Sanders: Pick a man. Bring your kit. Lance Corporal Blake: Yes, Sarge. [walks over to Schofield and wakes him]

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Schofield: Well, that's your medal sort of day. Lance Corporal Blake: What do you mean? Lance Corporal Schofield: Lance Corporal Blake, showed unusual valor, rescuing a comrade from certain death, blah, blah, blah. Lance Corporal Blake: You reckon? Lance Corporal Schofield: I do.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Schofield: Heading back home. I wonder what they saw?

§1917 ¤ Lieutenant Leslie: Straight ahead to the left, past the dead horses, there's a gap directly behind them. Useful, because if its dark you follow the stench. When you get to the second wire, look out for the bowing chap. There's a small break beside him. The German line is 150 odd yards after that. Watch out for the craters. They're deeper than they look. If you fall in, there's no getting out.

§1917 ¤ Lauri: [frightened] There is nothing here. There is nothing for you. Please. Lance Corporal Schofield: Anglais. Not German. Friend. I'm a friend.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Blake: You should have taken it home with you. You should have given it to your family. Men have died for that. If I've got a medal, I'd take it back home. Why didn't you just take it home? Lance Corporal Schofield: Look, its just a bit of bloody tin. It doesn't make you special. It doesn't make any difference to anyone. Lance Corporal Blake: Yes, it does. And its not just a bit of tin. Its got a ribbon on it.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Blake: Tommy, you know the way? Lance Corporal Schofield: I know the way.

§1917 ¤ Lance Corporal Schofield: Any cover sir? Any where to jump off from? Lieutenant Leslie: No. The sub-trench was blown to hell weeks ago. Its full of bodies anyway. Your best bet is to pop over here. If you do get shot, try to make it back to the wire. We won't come after you until its dark. If by some fucking miracle you do make it, send up a flare.

§1917 ¤ Lauri: Where are the others? Lance Corporal Schofield: Others? No. Just me. No. Only me.

§1917 ¤ Lieutenant Leslie: Are they out of their fucking minds? One slow night, the Bosch and the Hun have just gone home? Lance Corporal Schofield: Do you think they're wrong sir? Lieutenant Leslie: We lost an officer and three men, two nights ago. They were shot to bits patching up wire. We dragged two of them back here.

§1917 ¤ Lieutenant Leslie: Are you our relief? Lance Corporal Blake: No, sir. Lieutenant Leslie: Well, when the fucking hell are they due?

§1917 ¤ Lieutenant Leslie: [handing Blake a flare gun] I do hate losing these to the Hun, so when they start shooting at you, could you be so kind as to throw it back when you get shot.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Listen, you fuckers, you screwheads. Here is a man who would not take it anymore. A man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth, the shit. Here is a man who stood up! Here is...

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: You're only as healthy as you feel.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I first saw her at Palantine Campaign headquarters at 63rd and Broadway. She was wearing a white dress. She appeared like an angel. Out of this filthy mess, she is alone. They... cannot... touch... her.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: [Travis is trying his guns on the mirror] Huh? Huh? [Draws] Travis Bickle: Faster than you, fucking son of a... Saw you coming you fucking... shitheel. [Reholsters] Travis Bickle: I'm standing here; you make the move. You make the move. It's your move... [Draws] Travis Bickle: Don't try it you fuck. [Reholsters] Travis Bickle: You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? Then who the hell else are you talking... you talking to me? Well I'm the only one here. Who the fuck do you think you're talking to? Oh yeah? OK. [Draws]

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: June twenty-ninth. I gotta get in shape. Too much sitting has ruined my body. Too much abuse has gone on for too long. From now on there will be 50 pushups each morning, 50 pullups. There will be no more pills, no more bad food, no more destroyers of my body. From now on will be total organization. Every muscle must be tight.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I realize now how much she's just like the others, cold and distant, and many people are like that, women for sure, they're like a union.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I got some bad ideas in my head.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Loneliness has followed me my whole life. Everywhere. In bars, in cars, sidewalks, stores, everywhere. There's no escape. I'm God's lonely man... June 8th. My life has taken another turn again. The days can go on with regularity over and over, one day indistinguishable from the next. A long continuous chain. Then suddenly, there is a change.

§Taxi Driver ¤ [last lines] Betsy: Travis, I'm... how much was it? [Travis clears meter] Travis Bickle: So long.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Each night when I return the cab to the garage, I have to clean the cum off the back seat. Some nights, I clean off the blood.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Now I see this clearly. My whole life is pointed in one direction. There never has been a choice for me.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Wizard: All right, look. Look at it this way. You know, a man takes a job, you know? And that job - I mean, like that - you know, that becomes what he is. You know, like - you do a thing and that's what you are. I mean like I've been a cabbie for 17 years. Ten years at night. I still don't own my own cab. You know why? Because I don't want to. That must be what I want. You know, to be on the night shift drivin' somebody else's cab. You understand? I mean, you become - you get a job, you become the job. I mean, one guy lives in Brooklyn. One guy lives in Sutton Place. You got a lawyer. Another guy's a doctor. Another guy dies. Another guy gets well. And, you know, people are born. I envy you, your youth. Go on, get laid, get drunk, you know. Do anything. But, you got no choice, anyway. I mean, we're all fucked. More or less, you know. Travis Bickle: I don't know. That's about the dumbest thing I ever heard. Wizard: It's not Bertrand Russell. But what do you want? I'm a cabbie, you know. What do I know? I mean, I don't even know what the fuck you're talking about. Travis Bickle: I don't know. Maybe I don't know either. Wizard: Don't worry so much! Relax, kid, you're gonna be all right.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Betsy: You know what you remind me of? Travis Bickle: What? Betsy: That song by Kris Kristofferson. Travis Bickle: Who's that? Betsy: A songwriter. 'He's a prophet... he's a prophet and a pusher, partly truth, partly fiction. A walking contradiction.' Travis Bickle: [uneasily] You sayin' that about me? Betsy: Who else would I be talkin' about? Travis Bickle: I'm no pusher. I never have pushed. Betsy: No, no. Just the part about the contradictions. You are that.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I'll tell you why. I think you're a lonely person. I drive by this place a lot and I see you here. I see a lot of people around you. And I see all these phones and all this stuff on your desk. It means nothing. Then when I came inside and I met you, I saw in your eyes and I saw the way you carried yourself that you're not a happy person. And I think you need something. And if you want to call it a friend, you can call it a friend. Betsy: Are you gonna be my friend? Travis Bickle: Yeah.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: The days go on and on... they don't end. All my life needed was a sense of someplace to go. I don't believe that one should devote his life to morbid self-attention, I believe that one should become a person like other people.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: This city here is like an open sewer, you know, it's full of filth and scum. Sometimes I can hardly take it. Whatever ever becomes the President should just - really clean it up, know what I mean? Sometimes I go out and I smell it. I get headaches, it's so bad, you know. It's like - they just never go away, you know. It's like I think that the President should clean up this whole mess here. He should flush it down the fuckin' toilet.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: The idea had been growing in my brain for some time: TRUE force. All the king's men cannot put it back together again.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I would say he has quite a few problems. His energy seems to go in the wrong places. When I walked in and I saw you two sitting there, I could just tell by the way you were both relating that there was no connection whatsoever. And I felt when I walked in that there was something between us. There was an impulse that we were both following. So that gave me the right to come in and talk to you. Otherwise I never would have felt that I had the right to talk to you or say anything to you. I never would have had the courage to talk to you. And with him I felt there was nothing and I could sense it. When I walked in, I knew I was right. Did you feel that way? Betsy: I wouldn't be here if I didn't.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Personnel Officer: How's your driving record? Clean? Travis Bickle: It's clean, real clean. Like my conscience.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Iris: God, you're square. Travis Bickle: Hey, I'm not square, you're the one that's square. You're full of shit, man. What are you talking about? You walk out with those fuckin' creeps and low-lifes and degenerates out on the streets and you sell your little pussy for peanuts? For some low-life pimp who stands in the hall? And I'm square? You're the one that's square, man. I don't go screwing fuck with a bunch of killers and junkies like you do. You call that bein' hip? What world are you from?

§Taxi Driver ¤ Personnel Officer: Wanna work uptown at nights? South Bronx? Harlem? Travis Bickle: I'll work anytime, anywhere. Personnel Officer: Will you work on Jewish holidays? Travis Bickle: Anytime, anywhere.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Betsy: Taking me to a place like this is about as exciting as saying to me "Let's fuck."

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Let me tell you something. You're in a hell, and you're gonna die in a hell, just like the rest of 'em!

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Hello Betsy. Hi, it's Travis. How ya doin'? Listen, uh, I'm, I'm sorry about the, the other night. I didn't know that was the way you felt about it. Well, I-I didn't know that was the way you felt. I-I-I would have taken ya somewhere else. Uh, are you feeling better or oh you maybe had a virus or somethin', a 24-hour virus you know. It happens. Yeah, umm, you uh, you're workin' hard. Yeah. Uh, would you like to have, uh, some dinner, uh with me in the next, you know, few days or somethin'? Well, how about just a cup of coffee? I'll come by the, uh, headquarters or somethin', we could, uh... Oh, OK, OK. Did you get my flowers in the...? You didn't get them. I sent some flowers, uh... Yeah, well, OK, OK. Can I call you again? Uh, tomorrow or the next day? OK. No, I'm gonna... OK. Yeah, sure, OK. So long.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Shit... I'm waiting for the sun to shine.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: May 10th. Thank God for the rain which has helped wash away the garbage and trash off the sidewalks. I'm workin' long hours now, six in the afternoon to six in the morning. Sometimes even eight in the morning, six days a week. Sometimes seven days a week. It's a long hustle but it keeps me real busy. I can take in three, three fifty a week. Sometimes even more when I do it off the meter. All the animals come out at night - whores, skunk pussies, buggers, queens, fairies, dopers, junkies, sick, venal. Someday a real rain will come and wash all this scum off the streets. I go all over. I take people to the Bronx, Brooklyn, I take 'em to Harlem. I don't care. Don't make no difference to me. It does to some. Some won't even take spooks. Don't make no difference to me.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Twelve hours of work and I still can't sleep. Damn. Days go on and on. They don't end.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: [walks up to Sport] Hey Sport. How ya doin'? Sport: Okay, okay my man, how... Where do I know you from, man? Travis Bickle: I don't know. How's everything in the pimp business, huh? Sport: Do I know you? Travis Bickle: No. Do I know you? Sport: Get outta here. Come on, get lost, huh. Travis Bickle: Do I know you? How's Iris? You know Iris. Sport: No, I don't know nobody name Iris. Iris? Come on, get outta here, man. Travis Bickle: You don't know anybody by the name of Iris? Sport: I don't know nobody name Iris! Travis Bickle: No? Sport: Hey, go back to your fuckin' tribe before you get hurt, huh man. Do me a favor, I don't want no trouble, huh. Okay? Travis Bickle: You got a gun? Sport: Get the fuck outta here, man. [flicks his cigarette at him] Sport: Get outta here. [kicks him] Travis Bickle: Suck on this. [Travis shoots him with a revolver in the stomach and walks away]

§Taxi Driver ¤ Sport: Well, take it or leave it. If you want to save yourself some money, don't fuck her. Cause you'll be back here every night for some more. Man, she's twelve and a half years old. You never had no pussy like that. You can do anything you want with her. You can cum on her, fuck her in the mouth, fuck her in the ass, cum on her face, man. She get your cock so hard she'll make it explode. But no rough stuff, all right?

§Taxi Driver ¤ Sport: Go ahead, have yourself a good time. Go ahead. You're a funny guy. But looks aren't everything. Go ahead, have a good time. You're a funny guy.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I should get one of those signs that says "One of these days I'm gonna get organezized". Betsy: You mean organized? Travis Bickle: Organezized. Organezized. It's a joke. O-R-G-A-N-E-Z-I-Z-E-D... Betsy: Oh, you mean organezized. Like those little signs they have in offices that says, "Thimk"?

§Taxi Driver ¤ Iris: I don't like what I'm doing, Sport. Sport: Ah, baby, I don't want you to like what you're doing. If you like what you're doing, then you won't be my woman.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Sport: I once had a horse, on Coney Island. She got hit by a car.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Now I see it clearly. My whole life is pointed in one direction. I see that now. There never has been any choice for me.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Iris: I think that... that Cancers make the best lovers.

§Taxi Driver ¤ [first lines] [a telephone rings loudly] Personnel Officer: [to the dispatcher] Harry, answer that. [to Travis] Personnel Officer: So whaddya want to hack for, Bickle? Travis Bickle: I can't sleep nights. Personnel Officer: There's porno theaters for that. Travis Bickle: Yeah, I know. I tried that. Personnel Officer: So what do you do now? Travis Bickle: Well, I ride around nights mostly... subways, buses... I figure, you know, if I'm gonna do that I might as well get paid for it.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Passenger: Did you ever see what it can do to a woman's pussy? Now, that you should see! That you should see what a .44 Magnum's gonna do to a woman's pussy. You should see.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Personnel Officer: So what is it? Why do you want to be a taxi driver? Do you need a second job? Are you moonlighting? Travis Bickle: I... I just want to work long hours. What's moonlighting?

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: You got a .44 magnum? Andy, Gun Salesman: It's an expensive weapon. Travis Bickle: That's all right. I got money. Andy, Gun Salesman: It's a real monster. It'll stop a car at a hundred yards. Put a round right through the engine block.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Wizard: Get this. In the middle of the Triborough Bridge, and tthis woman is beautiful, she changes her pantyhose. Doughboy: No. Wizard: Oh, yeah! Doughboy: What did you do? Wizard: I throw the meter, you know, and I jump in the backseat and I whip it out and I said, "You know what this is?" She says, "It's love!" You know, I fuck her brains out. She goes wild, you know. She said, "It's the greatest single experience of my life." And she gave me a $200 tip and her phone number in Acapulco.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Twelve hours of work and I still can't sleep. Damn. Days go on and on. They don't end.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Wizard: Hey Travis, this here's Doughboy. We call him that 'cause he'll do anything for a buck. Doughboy: Hi Travis. Got change of a nickel?

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I first saw her at Palantine Campaign headquarters at 63rd and Broadway. She was wearing a white dress. She appeared like an angel. Out of this filthy mess, she is alone. They... cannot... touch... her.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Passenger: Yo, cabbie, you see that light up there? The window? The light, the window up there on the second floor. The one that's closest - that's closest to the edge of the building. The light, up in the window, the second story. What, are you blind? Do you - do you see the light? Travis Bickle: Yeah. Passenger: Yeah, you see it. Good. You see the woman in the window? Do you - do you see the woman in the window? Travis Bickle: Yeah. Passenger: You see the woman. Good. I want you to see that woman 'cause that's my wife. But that's not my apartment. It's not my apartment. You know who lives there? Huh? Nah, I mean, you wouldn't know who lives there. I'm just saying, "But you know who lives there?" Huh? A nigger lives there. How do you like that? And I'm gonna - I'm gonna kill her. There's nothing else. I'm just gonna kill her. Now, what do you think of that? Huh? I said, what do you think about it? Don't answer. You don't have to answer everything. I'm gonna kill her. I'm gonna kill her with a .44 Magnum pistol. I have a .44 Magnum pistol. I'm gonna kill her with that gun.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Dear Father and Mother: July is the month I remember which brings not only your wedding anniversary but also Father's Day and Mother's birthday. I'm sorry I can't remember the exact dates, but I hope this card will take care of them all. I'm sorry again I cannot send you my address like I promised to last year. But the sensitive nature of my work for the government demands utmost secrecy. I know you will understand. I am healthy and well and making lots of money. I have been going with a girl for several months and I know you would be proud if you could see her. Her name is Betsy but I can tell you no more than that... I hope this card finds you all well as it does me. I hope no one has died. Don't worry about me. One day, they'll be a knock on the door and it'll be me. Love Travis.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: Dear Iris: This money should be used for your trip. By the time you read this, I will be dead. Travis.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: How's everything in the pimp business?

§Taxi Driver ¤ Street drummer: Now back to Gene Krupa's syncopated style

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: May 26th. Four o'clock p.m. I took Betsy to Charles Coffee Shop on Columbus Circle. I had black coffee and apple pie with a slice of melted yellow cheese. I think that was a good selection. Betsy had coffee and a fruit salad dish. She could have had anything she wanted.

§Taxi Driver ¤ Travis Bickle: I tried several times to call her, but after the first call, she wouldn't come to the phone any longer. I also sent flowers but with no luck. The smell of the flowers only made me sicker. The headaches got worse. I think I got stomach cancer. I shouldn't complain though. You're only as healthy, you're only as healthy as you feel. You're only as... healthy... as... you... feel.

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: That was an order! Steiner's assault was an order! Who do you think you are to dare disobey an order I give? So this is what it has come to! The military has been lying to me. Everybody has been lying to me, even the SS! Our generals are just a bunch of contemptible, disloyal cowards. General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: I can't permit you to insult the soldiers. Adolf Hitler: They are cowards, traitors and failures! General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: My fuhrer, this is outrageous! Adolf Hitler: Our generals are the scum of the German people! Not a shred of honour! They call themselves generals. Years at military academy just to learn how to hold a knife and fork! For years, the military has hindered my plans! They've put every kind of obstacle in my way! What I should have done... was liquidate all the high-ranking officers, as Stalin did!

§Downfall ¤ Albert Speer: You must be on stage when the curtain falls

§Downfall ¤ [last lines] Traudl Junge: All these horrors I've heard of during the Nurnberg process, these six million Jews, other thinking people or people of another race, who perished. That shocked me deeply. But I hadn't made the connection with my past. I assured myself with the thought of not being personally guilty. And that I didn't know anything about the enormous scale of it. But one day I walked by a memorial plate of Sophie Scholl in the Franz-Joseph-Strasse. I saw that she was about my age and she was executed in the same year I came to Hitler. And at that moment I actually realised that a young age isn't an excuse. And that it might have been possible to get to know things.

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: In a war like this there are no civilians.

§Downfall ¤ Adjutant SS-Hauptsturmführer Otto Günsche: He is not in the bunker. Adolf Hitler: What do you mean you can't find Fegelein? Keep searching for him! I want to see Fegelein at once! If he goes AWOL, that's desertion. Treason! Bring me Fegelein! [slams desk] Adolf Hitler: Fegelein! Fegelein! Fegelein!

§Downfall ¤ Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel: Your report impressed the Führer. He has appointed you commander of Berlin's defenses. General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: I'd rather be shot than have this honor.

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: The war is lost... But if you think that I'll leave Berlin for that, you are sadly mistaken. I'd prefer to put a bullet in my head.

§Downfall ¤ Joseph Goebbels: I feel no sympathy. I repeat, I feel no sympathy! The German people chose their fate. That may surprise some people. Don't fool yourself. We didn't force the German people. They gave us a mandate, and now their little throats are being cut!

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: [Screaming after Steiner didn't attack after giving an order] Traitors! I've been betrayed and deceived from the very beginning! What a monstrous betrayal of the German people, but all those traitors will pay. They'll pay with their own blood. They shall drown in their own blood!

§Downfall ¤ Reichsführer SS Heinrich Himmler: When I meet Eisenhower, should I give the Nazi salute, or shake his hand?

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: I always make mistakes when I'm dictating.

§Downfall ¤ Magda Goebbels: My Führer, I beg you to leave Berlin! My Führer, please. Don't leave us! What will become of us? Adolf Hitler: Tomorrow millions of people will curse me, but fate has taken its course.

§Downfall ¤ Oberleutnant: [after the telephone line is cut] Orders, sir? General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: I am to be shot. Oberleutnant: What? Why? General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: They believe I moved my command post to the West, away from the enemy! Oberleutnant: Not a bad idea, General.

§Downfall ¤ Reichsführer SS Heinrich Himmler: Between us, I'd say he's had it. SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Yeah? What do you expect from a teetotal, non-smoking vegetarian?

§Downfall ¤ Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel: Even at the risk of repeating myself, the Ninth army must be withdrawn, otherwise it is surrounded and wiped out! We must now... Adolf Hitler: The Ninth army will not retreat. Tell Busse to fight where he stands. Generaloberst Alfred Jodl: My Führer, then the Ninth army will be lost. Adolf Hitler: We will repel the Soviet troops advancing to the North and East, with a relentless and almighty assault. Generaloberst Alfred Jodl: With what force, my Führer? Adolf Hitler: Steiner's force will attack from the North and unite with the Ninth army. General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: The Ninth Army is unable to move North; the enemy army outnumbers us ten to one. Adolf Hitler: Wenck: he will support them with the Twelfth Army. Generaloberst Alfred Jodl: But my Führer, the Twelfth Army is heading west to the Elbe. Adolf Hitler: Then tell the army to turn around! Generaloberst Alfred Jodl: But we would expose the Western Front! Adolf Hitler: Are you questioning my orders? I believe I made myself clear!

§Downfall ¤ Walter Hewel: Why do you want to live on? Prof. Dr. Ernst-Günter Schenck: And you? Why do you absolutely want to die? Walter Hewel: You see this? [shows him a cyanide cap] Walter Hewel: The Führer personally gave it to me! Prof. Dr. Ernst-Günter Schenck: [bitter] As last honor? Walter Hewel: ...maybe.

§Downfall ¤ General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: My Führer, as a soldier I suggest we try to break through the encirclement. During the fight for Berlin we've already lost 15-20,000 of the younger officers. Adolf Hitler: But that's what young men are for.

§Downfall ¤ Magda Goebbels: Sleep tight, children.

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: General von Greim, I appoint you to Commander in Chief of the Air Force and General Field Marshal. A large responsibility rests on your shoulders. You must shake up the entire air force. Many mistakes have been made, so be ruthless. Life never forgives weakness. This so called humanity... is just priests' drivel. Compassion is a primal sin. Compassion for the weak is a betrayal of nature. Joseph Goebbels: The strongest can only be victorious by eradicating the weak. Adolf Hitler: I have always obeyed this law of nature by never permitting myself to feel compassion. I have ruthlessly suppressed domestic opposition and brutally crushed the resistance of alien races. It's the only way to deal with it. [Linge enters with a folder in hand] Adolf Hitler: Apes, for example, trample every outsider to death. What goes for apes goes even more for human beings. [Hitler reads the folder] Adolf Hitler: Himmler, in Lübeck, has made an offer to surrender to the western powers through Count Bernadotte... according to a report by English radio. [finishes reading] Adolf Hitler: Himmler... Of all people, Himmler! The truest of the true... This is the worst betrayal of all! Göring, yeah; he was always corrupt, of course. Speer, yeah: an idealistic, unpredictable artist. All the others, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah! [puts folder down] Adolf Hitler: But not Himmler. Has he gone crazy? [stands up] Adolf Hitler: He claimed authority by saying I was sick, perhaps already dead! [pause] Adolf Hitler: Please leave me alone with Lord von Greim and Frau Reitsch. [Everyone except the following stands up] Adolf Hitler: Oh, and bring me Fegelein. Heinz Linge, Kammerdiener: My Führer, we don't know where he is. Adolf Hitler: But he's Himmler's adjutant. He must be here. General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: We haven't seen him for days. Adolf Hitler: I want his report at once! [Everyone leaves, and Goebbels is about to step out] Adolf Hitler: Please stay, Doctor.

§Downfall ¤ [first lines] Traudl Junge: I've got the feeling that I should be angry with this child, this young and oblivious girl. Or that I'm not allowed to forgive her for not seeing the nature of that monster. That she didn't realise what she was doing. And mostly because I've gone so obliviously. Because I wasn't a fanatic Nazi. I could have said in Berlin, "No, I'm not doing that. I don't want to go the Führer's headquarters." But I didn't do that. I was too curious. I didn't realise that fate would lead me somewhere I didn't want to be. But still, I find it hard to forgive myself.

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: Burgdorf, what's going on? Where's the firing coming from? General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: First of all, Happy Birthday, my Führer. My Führer, the city of Berlin is under artillery fire; grenades have hit near the Brandenburg gate, Reichstag, and the Friedrichstrasse station. Adolf Hitler: Where is the firing coming from? General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: My Führer, we don't know, but I'm talking with Koller. Adolf Hitler: Koller! Let me speak to Koller. [takes phone] Adolf Hitler: Koller. Do you know that Berlin is under artillery fire? General der Flieger Karl Koller: No. Adolf Hitler: Can't you hear the shooting? General der Flieger Karl Koller: No, I'm in Wildpark Werder. Adolf Hitler: The city is chaotic. The Russians have captured a railway bridge over the Oder. General der Flieger Karl Koller: The enemy has no railway artillery in the Oder. [takes paper from soldier] General der Flieger Karl Koller: It's not long-ranged artillery; the divisional headquarters of the Flak and Zoo-Bunker report that the shells are ten to twelve calibers. The Russians went into position in Marzahn. Adolf Hitler: That's only twelve miles from the city center. Are the Russians really this close? The Lufwaffe leadership must be hanged immediately! [hangs up] Adolf Hitler: This is outrageous. Outrageous! The Russians are twelve miles from the city center, and nobody told me anything. I had to ask. General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: My Führer, it's probably long-range artillery, after all. You mentioned a railway bridge over the Oder. Adolf Hitler: Nonsense.

§Downfall ¤ Joseph Goebbels: Surrender? Never! This is outrageous! I've conquered Berlin against the Reds several years ago, and will defend the city to the last breath against them! The few hours that I've yet to live as German Chancellor, I will not use them to put my signature on a document of surrender! General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: We must protect the civilian population! General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: The Führer's order is final! General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: No matter what happens, we will protect to the end! General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: We cannot give up! [Fritzsche steps out to Rochus Misch] Walter Hewel: We have to start negotiations! Joseph Goebbels: I repeat: I will never sign to a surrender! [Burgdorf follows Fritzsche] Hans Fritzsche: I need you to send a telegraph to Marshal Zhukov immediately. Rochus Misch: Marshal Zhukov? General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: What's going on here? Hans Fritzsche: This is madness. We have to give the city to the Russians. [Burgdorf pulls out a gun] General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: Then I have to shoot you. The Führer commands to prohibit any surrender! [Wielding grabs Burgdorf's arm as the latter shoots]

§Downfall ¤ Martin Bormann: [reading folder in hand] My Führer, following your decision to stay in Berlin, do I have your approval as Vice Chancellor to immediately take charge of the entire Reich with the necessary power and authority? If I receive no answer by 10 p.m., I will assume that you have been incapacitated. I will serve the well-being of our people and fatherland. [closes folder and puts it down] Martin Bormann: He's betraying Germany... and you! Walter Hewel: Göring's concern isn't unjustified. If our communication system breaks down, which could happen at any time, we'd be cut off from the world; we could no longer pass on orders. Joseph Goebbels: I see it differently. Göring wants to seize power. I never trusted that mob he gathered at Obersalzberg; it stinks of a coup. Adolf Hitler: That failure. That sponger... A parvenu! A lazybones! [Albert Speer returns while Hitler rants offscreen] Adolf Hitler: How dare he declare me unable to act? Tomorrow he might declare me dead! Albert Speer: Hello, Frau Junge. Traudl Junge: Herr Speer. How did you get into Berlin? Albert Speer: It wasn't easy, but I must speak with the Führer. Heinz Linge, Kammerdiener: I'd wait here if I were you. Adolf Hitler: The Luftwaffe... What did he do with it? That was reason enough to execute him! That morphine addict... helped to corrupt this country! And now this... [Hewel looks down in disappointment] Adolf Hitler: He betrayed me of all people! Me of all people! [pause] Adolf Hitler: I want Göring to be deprived of power and removed from office. If I don't survive the war, that man is to be executed at once.

§Downfall ¤ Officer: [In the bunker during a bombardment] Berlin is now nothing but warehouses: Here were some houses, and there were some houses. [laughter]

§Downfall ¤ General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: I am to be shot.

§Downfall ¤ Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel: The Führer has lost all sense of reality. Generaloberst Alfred Jodl: He moves divisions that only exist on his map. Steiner's scattered unit can hardly defend itself and yet, Steiner is ordered to attack! It's pure madness! SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Then why don't you tell him yourself? Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel: He won't listen to reason. You should know that. SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Something must be done. Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel: Are you insane? We'll be thrown out like Rundstedt and Guderian! SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Yes, and? Generaloberst Alfred Jodl: [glares at Fegelein] We are soldiers! We pledged our allegiance to the Führer! SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: So that means we are no longer allowed to think? General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: All this coming from you? An opportunist? A ruthless careerist? SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Pardon? [Burgdorf takes a swig of alcohol]

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: You see, gentlemen? I'll be proved right. Wenck will come. [leaves generals] Adolf Hitler: Wenck will come. [passes by guards who salute to him] General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: I want to immediately know if it's possible for Wenck to attack or not. General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: It's unlikely that Wenck's small force can attack the Red Army... Joseph Goebbels: [interrupts Krebs] How dare you say it's unlikely? General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: Wenck has nothing to confront the Red Army! General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: Why don't you tell the Führer? Have you all gone crazy? General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: The Führer knows it himself, but he will never surrender, and we won't either! I went through that before, and once is enough! General der Artillerie Helmuth Weidling: Come on, I have to get out of here. [leaves with Mohnke]

§Downfall ¤ Helmut Goebbels: [after hearing Hitler shot himself] Bullseye!

§Downfall ¤ SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Convince him that we need to leave Berlin, Eva! [a shocked and mildly horrified reaction from Eva] SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: ...Or come with me. [Eva begins to walk away as if she has not heard him. Fegelein grabs her arm] SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Eva! You're going to die!

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: [dictating to secretary] My political statement. Since 1914, when I invested my modest strength in the First World War, which was forced upon the Reich, over 30 years have passed. In those 3 decades, all my thoughts, actions and my life were dictated by my love for and loyalty to the German people. Centuries will pass, but from the ruins of our cities and cultural monuments our hatred will be renewed for those who are responsible, the people to whom we owe all this: The international Jewry and its supporters.

§Downfall ¤ Prof. Dr. Ernst-Günter Schenck: [as the SS and Wehrmacht offices are leaving Berlin] I won't allow my staff to be evacuated! SS-Obergruppenführer Tellermann: Is that so? Prof. Dr. Ernst-Günter Schenck: The food supply to Berlin will collapse! SS-Obergruppenführer Tellermann: A good soldier will always find something to eat. Prof. Dr. Ernst-Günter Schenck: Yes. And when the fighting starts, who will he take food from? Civilians! I won't allow it! SS-Obergruppenführer Tellermann: It's the Führer's Orders! Prof. Dr. Ernst-Günter Schenck: As Department Head, I answer to the SS and Reichsführer Himmler. But as a doctor, I answer to the Wehrmacht and we are still here. Please keep that in mind. SS-Obergruppenführer Tellermann: [to aides] The Professor can stay in Berlin. Please give him an authorized permit!

§Downfall ¤ Traudl Junge: It seems he doesn't want anyone to see inside him. I mean deep inside. In private, he can be such a caring person. But then he says... such brutal things. Eva Braun: When he's the Führer?

§Downfall ¤ Constanze Manziarly: I hate those two-faced sods who say 'Sieg Heil', but behind their backs say, 'Kiss my a... aunt'.

§Downfall ¤ Adolf Hitler: [in a furious tirade upon hearing of Himmler's attempt to surrender] Has he gone crazy?

§Downfall ¤ General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: The enemy has broken through along a wide front. They've taken Zossen to the south, and are advancing to Stahnsdorf. They're now on the northern outskirts between Frohnau and Pankow. They've reached Lichtenberg, Mahlsdorf and Karlshorst to the east. Adolf Hitler: Steiner's assault will bring it under control. General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: My fuhrer, Steiner... Generaloberst Alfred Jodl: Steiner couldn't mobilize enough men. He was unable to carry out the assault. Adolf Hitler: [Removes glasses] These men will stay here: Kietel, Jodl, Krebs and Burgdorf.

§Downfall ¤ Joseph Goebbels: I won't use my final hours as Reich Chancellor to sign a statement of surrender!

§Downfall ¤ Martin Bormann: [at Hitler's birthday reception] Himmler is such a pompous clown. General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: Big shots. Big shots everywhere. It makes me sick.

§Downfall ¤ Traudl Junge: Herr Speer! How did you get into Berlin? Albert Speer: It wasn't easy, but I must speak with the Führer. Heinz Linge, Kammerdiener: If I were you, I'd wait a bit.

§Downfall ¤ General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: [after Hitler realizes that the war is lost and goes to his room] What now? SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: It's time to end this spectacle. Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel: [Shocked] What do you mean? Just stop fighting? That's unthinkable! The Führer said we will not surrender. We will not repeat November 1918! Never! SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: You all heard him. He's no longer leading us. 'Do whatever you want.' That's what he said. Generalfeldmarschall Wilhelm Keitel: There is no one who will replace him! The Führer is the Führer! General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: [to the others] The Führer is just confused. He will pull through. SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Oh, great! And what will happen afterwards? General der Infanterie Hans Krebs: [pause] We cannot surrender for the Führer would never approve. We swore to obey his will! SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: Nothing but empty phrases! We must act NOW! Before it's all too late! General der Infanterie Wilhelm Burgdorf: You just want to save your skin! SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: [to Burgdorf] Mind your words. [the Generals storm off]

§Downfall ¤ [Fegelein is escorted by Högl and his men outside] SS-Offizier Högel: Stand still. [Fegelein turns around and sees Högl take a gun from an SS Officer and cock it. Fegelein hastily buttons up his shirt before saluting] SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: [saluting] Heil Hitler! [Högl shoots Fegelein down. He returns the gun, and he and his men leave]

§Downfall ¤ [Peter Högl and his men break into Fegelein's room, startling Fegelein's mistress] SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: [lying in bed] What's going on? SS-Offizier Högel: Grüppenführer, you are under arrest. SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: What? SS-Offizier Högel: Suspected of desertion. Get dressed. You must come with us. SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: [rolling in his bed] Dare me. [Högl gestures to two of his men to take Fegelein] SS-Offizier Högel: Search the room. SS-Gruppenführer Hermann Fegelein: [struggling] Let go of me, you Kanaka! You have nothing to say to me!

§Dangal ¤ Mahavir Singh Phogat: You have to fight in a way that people will remember you. If you win silver, sooner or later, you will be forgotten. If you win gold, you will be an example, And examples are given, child... not forgotten. See those girls? If you win tomorrow, you will not win alone. Millions of girls like them will win along with you. It will be a victory for every girl who is considered inferior to boys; who is forced into household chores, who is married off to just raise children. Tomorrow's match is the most important one. Because tomorrow, we are not fighting just that Australian, but all those people who think lesser of girls.

§Dangal ¤ Young Babita: We missed training just for a day. What was the need to create such a big scene? Young Geeta: What kind of father forces his daughters to become wrestlers? Make them wake up at 5 am to run. Works them like slaves. Makes them fight boys. And if they protest, he cuts their hair. May God never give anyone such a father. Geeta's wedded friend: I wish God had given me such a father. At least your father thinks about you. Otherwise, our reality is the moment a girl is born, teach her to cook and clean, make her do all the household chores, and once she turns 14 - marry her off. Get rid of the burden. And hand her over to a man... whom she has never met. Make her bear children and raise them. That's all she is good for. At least your father considers you his child. He is fighting the whole world. He is silently tolerating their taunts. Why? So that the 2 of you can have a future... a life. What is he doing wrong?

§Dangal ¤ [from trailer] Mahavir Singh Phogat: All along, I was desperate for a son so he could win a gold in wrestling for India. But what didn't occur to me was that gold is gold. Whether won by a boy or a girl.

§Dangal ¤ Daya Kaur: But wrestling is only for boys. Mahavir Singh Phogat: You think our girls are any lesser than boys?

§Dangal ¤ [after too much strict training and ruthlessness] Young Geeta: Enough of wrestling, now's time for the real fight.

§Dangal ¤ Mahavir's Brother: Our daughters will never win a gold without conditions. Mahavir Singh Phogat: Medalists do not grow on trees. You have to nurture them. With love, with hard work, with passion.

§Dangal ¤ Mahavir Singh Phogat: Every thing that destructs their attention from wrestling, I'll destruct that damn.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ [first title card] Title card: Where life had no value, death, sometimes, had its price. That is why the bounty killers appeared.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ [last lines] Monco: [counting reward sums of outlaws he just killed] Ten thousand... twelve thousand... fifteen... sixteen... seventeen... twenty-two. Twenty-two? [a wounded Groggy comes from behind and raises his gun; Monco whirls and shoots him dead] Monco: ...Twenty-seven. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Any trouble, boy? Monco: No, old man. Thought I was having trouble with my adding. It's all right now.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: Tell me, Colonel... Were you ever young? Col. Douglas Mortimer: Yup. And just as reckless as you. Then one day, something happened. It made life very precious to me. Monco: What's that? [Mortimer shoots a glance at him] Monco: Or is the question indiscreet? Col. Douglas Mortimer: [pause, then] No. No, the question isn't indiscreet. But the answer could be.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Wild, The Hunchback: Well well, if it isn't the smoker. Well... Remember me, amigo? Col. Douglas Mortimer: M-Mm. Wild, The Hunchback: 'Course you do. El Paso. Col. Douglas Mortimer: It's a small world. Wild, The Hunchback: Yes, and very, very bad. Now come on, you light another match. Col. Douglas Mortimer: I generally smoke just after I eat. Why don't you come back in about ten minutes? Wild, The Hunchback: Ten minutes you'll be smoking in hell. Get up!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: Alive or dead? It's your choice.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ 'Baby' Red Cavanaugh: I didn't hear what the bet was. Monco: Your life.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Train Conductor: Hey, Mister. You just can't pull the emergency cord and jump off! Tell me, why did you stop that train? If you wanna get off, you're... [looks at Mortimer's gun] Train Conductor: Well, the railroad company would might be pleased to make any arrangements for any passenger, if you wanna get off, Dear Sir. Col. Douglas Mortimer: I did get off. Thanks.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Col. Douglas Mortimer: [discussing strategy to defeat Indio] When two hunters go after the same prey, they usually end up shooting each other in the back. And we don't want to shoot each other in the back. Monco: [amused] Then the Colonel dies...

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: Adios amigo!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: [to Mortimer, referring to the watch he took from Mortimer without his knowing] Very careless of you, old man.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ [Mortimer has just recovered the watch from Indio, which contains a picture of the woman that Indio raped] Monco: [peers at the picture] There seems to be a family resemblance. [He hands Mortimer the similar watch with the same picture he had taken earlier] Monco: Here. Col. Douglas Mortimer: [pause, then] Naturally, between brother and sister.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Cuccillo: [Looking at dead body] Who did it? El Indio: Why don't you look at the knife? Cuccillo: [short pause] It's mine. El Indio: And it shouldn't be there, should it?

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Sherrif of White Rocks: [Hands Monco the reward money for Red Cavanaugh] Two thousand dollars. It's a lot of money. Takes me three years to earn it! Monco: Tell me, isn't the sheriff supposed to be courageous, loyal, and above all, honest? Sherrif of White Rocks: Yeah. That he is. Monco: [Pulls off his sheriff's star and walks out] I think you people need a new sheriff.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: When the chimes end, pick up your gun. Try and shoot me, Colonel. Just try.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Col. Douglas Mortimer: One from the outside one from the inside. There's no other way.One of us will have to join Indio's gang. Monco: Why did you look at me when you said one of us? Col. Douglas Mortimer: Because they don't know you. Wild sees me and his hump will catch on fire. Monco: Tell me Colonel... how do you propose that I join up with Indio? Maybe bring him a bunch of roses?

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Fernando: [Points] That's the bank! As soon as I get some money, I'll put it in. Monco: But you're gonna have to earn it first.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ [Indio and his gang have been dispatched] Col. Douglas Mortimer: My boy, you've become rich. Monco: You mean *we've* become rich, old man. Col. Douglas Mortimer: No, it's all yours. I think you deserve it. Monco: What about our partnership? Col. Douglas Mortimer: [smiles] Maybe next time.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: Which way we headed? El Indio: North. Monco: North? Along Rio Bravo Canyon? El Indio: Why not? Monco: Seems like a pretty good place for an ambush to me. El Indio: You know a better way to go? Monco: Yeah, south. El Indio: Hm... ride to the border?

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: [Examining Mortimer's gun] How can somebody in my business go around with a contraption like this? Col. Douglas Mortimer: That contraption almost sent you to your grave.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Santa Cruz telegraphist: Mister I didn't hear any shots at the bank.I sure would have. Monco: [points gun at him] You might hear one.The alarm.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ [first lines] Train Conductor: Tickets. Tickets, please. Tickets. Tickets. Thank you. Tickets. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Is this part of Tucumcari? Train Conductor: We should pass there in about three to four minutes. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Thanks. Carpetbagger on Train: Well, eh, excuse me, but you made a mistake, Reverend. I couldn't help hearing you're going to Tucumcari. I sell goods around here, and I gotta tell you, you're on the wrong train. I think the nearest stop to Tucumcari is Amarillo. By getting off at Santa Fe and returning by way of Amarillo, you should be able to get right where... you're... going. Col. Douglas Mortimer: [slowly peers over the top of his Bible with a steely stare] Huh... Carpetbagger on Train: Uh... you see the train doesn't stop at Tucumcari. Col. Douglas Mortimer: [stuffs his Bible into his bag] This train'll stop at Tucumcari...

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Nino: Slim. A change of plan. [he beckons Slim over] Slim, member of Indio's gang: What is it Nino? Nino: Indio wants you to... [he stabs Slim and releases the prisoners] Nino: Here are your guns without bullets. And listen don't let Indio find you both around.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Groggy: Indio calls and Groggy comes running. El Indio: And Sancho? Groggy: If you're waiting for Sancho I'll come back in another four years. He's in prison. No amore, no dinero, no sun.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Old Prophet: I don't know him, I don't know him, I don't know him! Monco: Come on now, you know everybody. Old Prophet: Don't know anybody anymore! I'm dead! Understand? [Lifts his head from under the covers] Old Prophet: Well, there was a time when I knew everybody. That was a long time ago, when all this was prairie. But lately everybody's in a hurry, with your damned good-for-nothing trains! [Mocks a train's wheels moving] Old Prophet: Toot toot toot *tweet*! [Spits] Old Prophet: Disgusting! [Looks back at Monco] Old Prophet: One day someone from the railroad comes here to see me and he says, 'Prophet, the railway's gonna go right past your house.' 'Oh, is that so?' I said. 'Mm-hm, yup that's right he says, 'All those trains gonna go right past here, and the best thing for you, Prophet, is to sell your land to the company or else we'll buy Baker's. He lives next to your place, and I'll put the tracks there, and that'll make you go crazy. What do you say, will you sell out to our company, Prophet?' "Oh, is that so?' says I. [Grins and chuckles] Old Prophet: He was *very* anxious for me to sell out. You know what I told him about the railroad? You know what I told him he could do with his railroad? [pulls his blankets over his head and laughs crazily as a train shoots by] Old Prophet: [after the train passes] You know what my decision about selling was? Monco: Well, you said no. Old Prophet: You're right about that! No to him and his damn trains! I wouldn't, no! Monco: [Finally has had enough] Look, listen to me, old man! You're supposed to be a prophet, and I didn't come here to listen to you rattle on about trains! I want to find out about this man, it's obvious you don't know anything. Old Prophet: [Angry] No need to be insulting! If that's all you came here to do, you can clear out of my house fast, before I lose my temper, understand? [Monco shrugs and gets up to the door] Old Prophet: *Say*! Where you going, hm? Monco: [Turns around and smirks] I guess I better leave before you go and lose your temper!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: [Talking about Agua Caliente] Yes, I have many friends here. It looks just like a morgue. But look out. It could be one so easily. [Looks at Groggy] El Indio: They don't like strangers, huh? Groggy: No. They don't like anybody!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: [Mortimer has just outdrawn and killed Indio] Bravo.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ [after Mortimer opens safe, Indio declares a cooling off time for the loot] El Indio: [to Mortimer] And you will wait a month to get your share. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Naturally! I'll be in the tavern. The air around here stinks anyway.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Tomaso: [as his family are led away] They're both innocent, I was the one you know that. El Indio: [two shots ring out] I know. I'm sure you hate me just enough.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Col. Douglas Mortimer: [meeting up with Monco to get the stolen loot] I was worried about you - all alone, with so many problems to solve...

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Paso Bank Manager: To try robbing us would be so futile that only a complete fool would attempt it. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Yeah. Or a complete madman.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Col. Douglas Mortimer: Indio! Listen to me. This is Colonel Mortimer.Douglas Mortimer.Does the name mean anything to you!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: [to the Chinese bag carrier] Take it to the station. The gentleman's leaving. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Hold it. Take it back. Monco: Take it to the station. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Go inside. Monco: The station.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Tucumcari sheriff: [counting the money being given to Mortimer for Guy Calloway's bounty] Seven, eight, nine... there, 1,000 bucks. Col. Douglas Mortimer: [looks at a wanted poster of 'Red' Cavanagh] What do you know about Cavanagh? Tucumcari sheriff: About a week ago, he was seen in White Rocks. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Thanks. Tucumcari sheriff: If it's any interest to you, somebody else dropped in earlier this morning to see me about him. Col. Douglas Mortimer: Who? Tucumcari sheriff: I'd never seen him before. He said his name is 'Manco'.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: Tell me, isn't the Sheriff supposed to be courageous, loyal, and above all honest? Sherrif of White Rocks: Yeah, that he is. Monco: [grabs his badge and walks outside] I think you people need a new Sheriff. [leaves the badge and rides off]

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: Why this hotel and not some other? Fernando: You probably wouldn't that other place as much, señor. At that place you'd stay up half the night shooting cockroaches. At this hotel, the rooms will cost you so much less. And there's a landlady at this one, señor! Monco: Married? Fernando: Yes, but she doesn't care!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Half-shaved bounty hunter: [Pointing his gun at Manco] Let Red go!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: You mind telling me how you got here? Col. Douglas Mortimer: I just reasoned it out. I figured you'd tell Indio to do just exactly the opposite of what we agreed, and he's suspicious enough to figure out something else. Since El Paso was out of the question, well, here I am!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: [to prison guard he hasn't killed] I'm letting you live, hero. That way you can tell everyone what takes place here.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Sancho Perez, Member of Indio's Gang: Amigo, why did you help me out? Monco: Well that's such an high reward offered on all you gentlemen. That I thought I might just tag along on your next robbery. Might just turn you into the law.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Col. Douglas Mortimer: Leave Indio to me. Monco: All right.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: It's easy enough to steal. The trouble is in keeping the loot.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Hotel Manager: [after Manco crosses a name off the hotel registrar and checks in] He's nothing but a wild vicious animal. Mary - Hotel Manager's Beautiful Wife: [Hotel Manager steps off a stool, walks behind Mary and is approximately 5'5" tall] He's tall! Isn't he. [With a big smile, watches Manco leave the front desk and lobby. Hotel Manager walks around Mary] Hotel Manager: You're just dirty!

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Paso Tavern Keeper: Sir, if the hunchback didn't shoot you, he had a very, very important reason, that's all. Col. Douglas Mortimer: I was thinking that myself.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Old Prophet: What's the matter with you? Why are you so dang stupid?

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Monco: Rum, a double. El Indio: Tequila for all of us.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: Who are you? Col. Douglas Mortimer: I'm the one who can open the safe for you. El Indio: What safe, señor?

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Groggy: He's in prison for four years. No amar. No dinero. No sun. Bad for him. Not so bad for the rest of us. A man who gets caught doesn't deserve respect, huh?

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: Those men are a lot better than mine with a gun. So we'll let all of them get mixed up in a gun battle. But that won't really matter to me. Or you. Because we'll be far away, right? And we'll have all the money.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ Groggy: I'll kill them, but I'll rip out their guts first.

§For a Few Dollars More ¤ El Indio: You shouldn't have shot the apples off that tree.

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: But I know the rage that drives you. That impossible anger strangling the grief, until the memory of your loved one is just... poison in your veins. And one day, you catch yourself wishing the person you loved had never existed, so you would be spared your pain.

§Batman Begins ¤ Rachel Dawes: Wait! You could die. At least tell me your name. [pause] Bruce Wayne: ...It's not who I am underneath... but what I *do*... that defines me. Rachel Dawes: ...Bruce? [Batman turns and leaps off the roof]

§Batman Begins ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: Took quite a fall, didn't we, Master Bruce? Thomas Wayne: And why do we fall, Bruce? So we can learn to pick ourselves up.

§Batman Begins ¤ Rachel Dawes: Deep down you may still be that same great kid you used to be. But it's not who you are underneath, it's what you do that defines you.

§Batman Begins ¤ [as Wayne Manor is burning down] Bruce Wayne: What have I done, Alfred? Everything my family... my father built... Alfred Pennyworth: The Wayne legacy is more than bricks and mortar, sir. Bruce Wayne: I wanted to save Gotham. I failed. Alfred Pennyworth: Why do we fall sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up. Bruce Wayne: You still haven't given up on me? Alfred Pennyworth: Never.

§Batman Begins ¤ Batman: [taps the Bat-signal] Nice. Jim Gordon: I couldn't find any mob bosses. Batman: Well, Sergeant? Jim Gordon: Oh, it's Lieutenant now. You really started something. Bent cops running scared, hope on the streets. Batman: But? Jim Gordon: We still haven't picked up Crane or half the inmates of Arkham that he freed. Batman: We will. We *can* bring Gotham back. Jim Gordon: What about escalation? Batman: Escalation? Jim Gordon: We start carrying semi-automatics, they buy automatics. We start wearing Kevlar, they buy armor piercing rounds. Batman: And? Jim Gordon: And, you're wearing a mask. Jumping off rooftops. Now, take this guy. [pulling out a file] Jim Gordon: Armed robbery, double homicide, has a taste for the theatrical, like you. Leaves a calling card. [shows Batman a plastic evidence bag containing a Joker card] Batman: I'll look into it. [turns away and walks to the edge of the roof] Jim Gordon: I never said thank you. Batman: [looks back at Gordon] And you'll never have to.

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: Your compassion is a weakness your enemies will not share. Bruce Wayne: That's why it's so important. It separates us from them.

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: You're vigilantes. Henri Ducard: No, no, no. A vigilante is just a man lost in the scramble for his own gratification. He can be destroyed, or locked up. But if you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can't stop you, then you become something else entirely. Bruce Wayne: Which is? Henri Ducard: Legend, Mr. Wayne.

§Batman Begins ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: Why bats, Master Wayne? Bruce Wayne: Bats frighten me. It's time my enemies shared my dread.

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: But a criminal is not complicated. What you really fear is inside yourself. You fear your own power. You fear your anger, the drive to do great or terrible things.

§Batman Begins ¤ [trying to lug a burning roof beam off of a helpless Bruce] Alfred Pennyworth: What is the point of all those push-ups if you can't even lift a bloody log?

§Batman Begins ¤ [last lines] Jim Gordon: I never said thank you. Batman: And you'll never have to.

§Batman Begins ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: Are you coming back to Gotham for long, sir? Bruce Wayne: As long as it takes. I'm gonna show the people of Gotham their city doesn't belong to the criminals and the corrupt. Alfred Pennyworth: In the depression, your father nearly bankrupted Wayne Enterprises combating poverty. He believed that his example could inspire the wealthy of Gotham to save their city. Bruce Wayne: Did it? Alfred Pennyworth: In a way. Their murder shocked the wealthy and the powerful into action. Bruce Wayne: People need dramatic examples to shake them out of apathy and I can't do that as Bruce Wayne. As a man, I'm flesh and blood, I can be ignored, I can be destroyed; but as a symbol... as a symbol I can be incorruptible, I can be everlasting. Alfred Pennyworth: What symbol? Bruce Wayne: Something elemental, something terrifying. Alfred Pennyworth: I assume that as you're taking on the underworld, this symbol is a persona to protect those you care about from reprisals. Bruce Wayne: You're thinking about Rachel? Alfred Pennyworth: Actually, sir, I was thinking of myself.

§Batman Begins ¤ Carmine Falcone: You're taller than you look in the tabloids, Mr. Wayne. [one of Falcone's attendant bodyguards gives Bruce a rough going-over to check for weapons but comes up with nothing] Carmine Falcone: No gun? I'm insulted! You could have just sent a thank-you note. Bruce Wayne: I didn't come here to thank you. I came here to show you that not everyone in Gotham's afraid of you. Carmine Falcone: Only those who know me, kid. Look around you: you'll see two councilmen, a union official, a couple off-duty cops, and a judge. [points a gun at Bruce] Carmine Falcone: Now, I wouldn't have a second's hesitation of blowing your head off right here and right now in front of 'em. Now, that's power you can't buy! That's the power of fear. Bruce Wayne: I'm not afraid of you. Carmine Falcone: Because you think you got nothing to lose. But you haven't thought it through. You haven't thought about your lady-friend down at the D.A.'s office. You haven't thought about your old butler. Bang! [Falcone pulls the trigger, but the hammer falls on an empty chamber with a click; he puts the gun away] Carmine Falcone: People from your world have so *much* to lose. Now, you think because your mommy and your daddy got shot, you know about the ugly side of life, but you don't. You've never tasted desperate. You're, uh, you're Bruce Wayne, the Prince of Gotham; you'd have to go a thousand miles to meet someone who didn't know your name. So, don't-don't come down here with your anger, trying to prove something to yourself. This is a world you'll never understand. And you always fear what you don't understand. Alright. [Falcone gives his bodyguards a signal to remove Bruce; they take hold of him, and he struggles against their grip] Carmine Falcone: Yeah, you got spirit, kid. I'll give you that. More than your old man, anyway. In the joint, Chill told me, uh, told me about the night he killed your parents. He said your father begged for mercy. Begged. Like a dog.

§Batman Begins ¤ Enormous Prisoner: You are in hell, little man! [punches Bruce Wayne] Enormous Prisoner: And I am the devil! [punches him again] Bruce Wayne: You're not the devil. You're practice.

§Batman Begins ¤ Valet: Nice car. Bruce Wayne: You should see my other one.

§Batman Begins ¤ Jumpy Thug: [screaming] WHERE ARE YOU? Batman: [appears upside-down behind him, whispering] Here.

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: Well, a guy who dresses up like a bat clearly has issues.

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: Your parents' death was not your fault. [Bruce attacks Ducard with his sword] Henri Ducard: It was your father's. [Bruce furiously attacks Ducard, but is easily defeated] Henri Ducard: Anger does not change the fact that your father failed to act. Bruce Wayne: The man had a gun! Henri Ducard: Would that stop you? Bruce Wayne: I've had training! Henri Ducard: The training is nothing! The will is everything! [Ducard bests Bruce once again] Henri Ducard: The will to act.

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: You must become more than just a man in the mind of your opponent.

§Batman Begins ¤ Ra's al Ghul: When a forest grows too wild, a purging fire is inevitable and natural.

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: [as Alfred opens the curtains] Bats are nocturnal. Alfred Pennyworth: Bats may be, but even for billionaire playboys, three o'clock is pushing it. The price of leading a double life, I fear. Your theatrics made an impression. [shows the newspaper to Bruce] Bruce Wayne: Theatricality and deception are powerful weapons, Alfred. It's a good start. Alfred Pennyworth: If those are to be the first of many injuries to come, it would be wise to find a suitable excuse. Polo, for instance. Bruce Wayne: I'm not learning polo, Alfred. Alfred Pennyworth: Strange injuries a non-existent social life, these things beg the question as to what exactly does Bruce Wayne do with his time and his money. Bruce Wayne: And what does someone like me do? Alfred Pennyworth: Drive sports cars, date movie stars, buy things that are not for sale... who knows, Master Wayne? You start pretending to have fun, you might even have a little by accident.

§Batman Begins ¤ [from trailer] Henri Ducard: You traveled the world... Now you must journey inwards... to what you really fear... it's inside you... there is no turning back. Your parents' death was not your fault. Your training is nothing. The will is everything. If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, you become something else entirely. Are you ready to begin?

§Batman Begins ¤ Lucius Fox: [Bruce points to the Tumbler] The Tumbler? Oh you wouldn't be interested in that. [Cuts to Bruce test driving the Tumbler on an indoor course, with Fox in the passenger's seat describing the vehicle] Lucius Fox: She was built as a bridging vehicle. During combat, two of these would jump over a river, towing cables. Over here on the throttle, flip that open and throttle up. This will boost you into a rampless jump. [Bruce goes to flip the throttle] Lucius Fox: Not now! Not... not now, Sir! [Bruce flips it back] The Tumbler: Afterburner disengaged. Lucius Fox: We never could get the damn bridge to work, but this baby works just fine. [Bruce brings the Tumbler to a stop. He is very impressed] Lucius Fox: So what do you think? Bruce Wayne: Does it come in black?

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: Everyone. Everybody. [cinks his glass] Bruce Wayne: I, uh... I wanna thank you all for coming here tonight and drinking all of my booze. [the guests laugh] Bruce Wayne: No, really. Uh... There's a thing about being a Wayne that... you're never short of a few freeloaders, like yourselves, to fill up your mansion with, so, here's to you people. Thank you. Fredericks: That's enough, Bruce. Bruce Wayne: Mm... I'm not finished. To all of you, uh, all you phonies, all of you two-faced friends, you sycophantic suck-ups who smile through your teeth at me, please leave me in peace. Please go. Stop smiling. It's not a joke. Please leave. The party's over. Get out. Fredericks: The apple has fallen very far from the tree, Mr. Wayne.

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: [about the prototype Batsuit] Tear resistant? Lucius Fox: This sucker will stop a knife. Bruce Wayne: Bulletproof? Lucius Fox: Anything but a straight shot. Bruce Wayne: Why didn't they put it into production? Lucius Fox: Bean counters didn't think a soldier's life was worth 300 grand. So, what's your interest in it, Mr. Wayne? Bruce Wayne: I wanna borrow it. For, uh, spelunking. Lucius Fox: Spelunking? Bruce Wayne: Yeah, you know, cave diving. Lucius Fox: You expecting to run into much gunfire in these caves? Bruce Wayne: Look, I'd rather Mr. Earle didn't know about me borrowing... Lucius Fox: Mr. Wayne, the way I see it, all this stuff is yours anyway.

§Batman Begins ¤ Uniformed Policeman #1: [describing the Batmobile] He is in a vehicle! Dispatcher: Make and color? Uniformed Policeman #1: It's a... black...? [looks at his partner, who shrugs] Uniformed Policeman #1: ...tank!

§Batman Begins ¤ The Scarecrow: Boo! [sprays a dose of fear toxin at Batman] The Scarecrow: Aw, having trouble? [Batman starts hallucinating and tumbles backward into an easy chair] The Scarecrow: Take a seat. Have a drink. [splashes Batman with alcohol] The Scarecrow: You look like a man who takes himself too seriously. [produces a lighter and lights it] The Scarecrow: Do you want my opinion? You need to lighten up. [tosses the lighter at Batman, setting him on fire]

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: Are you ready to begin? Bruce Wayne: I-I can barely stand... Henri Ducard: [kicks him] Death does not wait for you to be ready! Death is not considerate, or fair! And make no mistake: here, you face Death.

§Batman Begins ¤ Batman: [meeting Gordon carrying an unconscious Rachel out of Arkham] How is she? Jim Gordon: [handing Rachel over] She's fading. We gotta go. I'll get my car. Batman: I brought mine. Jim Gordon: Yours? [Batmobile blasts out and races by] Jim Gordon: I've gotta get me one of those.

§Batman Begins ¤ Ra's al Ghul: Tomorrow the world will watch in horror as its greatest city destroys itself. The movement back to harmony will be unstoppable this time. Bruce Wayne: You attacked Gotham before? Ra's al Ghul: Of course. Over the ages, our weapons have grown more sophisticated. With Gotham, we tried a new one: Economics. But we underestimated certain of Gotham's citizens... such as your parents. Gunned down by one of the very people they were trying to help. Create enough hunger and everyone becomes a criminal. Their deaths galvanized the city into saving itself... and Gotham has limped on ever since. We are back to finish the job. And this time no misguided idealists will get in the way. Like your father, you lack the courage to do all that is necessary. If someone stands in the way of true justice... you simply walk up behind them and stab them in the heart.

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: When you lived among the criminals, did you start to pity them? Bruce Wayne: The first time I stole so that I wouldn't starve, yes. I lost many assumptions about the simple nature of right and wrong. And when I traveled, I learned the fear before a crime and the thrill of success. But I never became one of them.

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: [answers the phone] Bruce Wayne. Earle: What makes you think *you* can decide who's running Wayne Enterprises? Bruce Wayne: Well, the fact that I'm the owner. Earle: What are you talking about? The company went public a week ago. Bruce Wayne: And I bought most of the shares. Through various charitable foundations, trusts, and so forth - look, it's all a bit technical, but the important thing is that *my* company's future is secure. [speaks up] Bruce Wayne: Right, Mister Fox? Lucius Fox: Right you are, Mister Wayne. [Fox hangs up the phone, turns to Earle and takes off his glasses] Lucius Fox: [with relish] Didn't you get the memo? [Earle is speechless]

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: I'm sorry I didn't tell you, Rachel... Rachel Dawes: No. No, Bruce, I'm sorry. The day Chill died I... I said terrible things. Bruce Wayne: But true things. I *was* a coward with a gun. Justice is about more than revenge, so thank you. Rachel Dawes: I never stopped thinking about you. About us. And when I heard you were back, I... I started to hope. [She kisses Bruce] Rachel Dawes: Then I found out about your mask. Bruce Wayne: Batman's just a symbol, Rachel. Rachel Dawes: [Rachel touches Bruce's face] No, no, *this*... is your mask. Your real face is the one that criminals now fear. The man I loved - the man who vanished - he never came back at all. But maybe he's still out there, somewhere. Maybe some day, when Gotham no longer needs Batman, I'll see him again.

§Batman Begins ¤ Ra's al Ghul: Have you finally learned to do what is necessary? Bruce Wayne: I won't kill you. [he throws two bombs, breaking a window and opening the back of the train car] Bruce Wayne: ... But I don't have to save you. [he spreads his cape and rises out the back of the car; the train plunges off the rails and explodes]

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: Have you told anyone I'm coming back? Alfred Pennyworth: Well, I just couldn't figure the legal ramifications of bringing you back from the dead. Bruce Wayne: Dead? Alfred Pennyworth: You've been gone seven years. Bruce Wayne: You had me declared dead? Alfred Pennyworth: Well, actually it was Mr. Earle, he's taking the company public. He wanted to liquidate your majority shareholding. Those shares are worth quite a bit of money. Bruce Wayne: Well, it's a good thing I left everything to you, then. Alfred Pennyworth: Quite so, sir. And you can borrow the Rolls if you like. Just bring it back with a full tank.

§Batman Begins ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: Will you be heading back to Princeton after the hearing, sir, or can I persuade you to stay on for a day or two? Bruce Wayne: I'm not heading back at all. Alfred Pennyworth: You don't like it there? Bruce Wayne: I like it fine. They just don't feel the same way. Alfred Pennyworth: I've prepared the master bedroom. Bruce Wayne: No. My room will be fine. Alfred Pennyworth: With all due respect, sir, Wayne Manor is your house. Bruce Wayne: No, Alfred, it's my father's house. Alfred Pennyworth: Your father is dead, Master Wayne. Bruce Wayne: And this place is a mausoleum. If I have my way, I'll pull the damn thing down brick by brick. Alfred Pennyworth: This house, Master Wayne, has sheltered six generations of your family. Bruce Wayne: Why do you give a damn, Alfred? It's not your family. Alfred Pennyworth: I give a damn, because a good man once made me responsible for what was most precious to him in the whole world. Miss Dawes has offered to drive you to the hearing. She probably hopes to talk you out of going. Bruce Wayne: Should I just bury the past out there with my parents, Alfred? Alfred Pennyworth: I wouldn't presume to tell you what to do with your past, sir. Just know that there are those of us who care about what you do with your future. Bruce Wayne: Haven't given up on me yet? Alfred Pennyworth: Never.

§Batman Begins ¤ Lucius Fox: It's called memory cloth. Notice anything? [Bruce runs the material through his fingers, and shrugs, "no."] Lucius Fox: Regularly flexible. But put a current through it... [the cloth springs into the shape of a one-person tent] Lucius Fox: Molecules re-align, becomes rigid. Bruce Wayne: What kind of shapes can you make? Lucius Fox: Can be tailored to fit any structure based on a rigid skeleton. Bruce Wayne: Too expensive for the Army? Lucius Fox: I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. Bruce Wayne: Look, Mr. Fox. Lucius Fox: Yes, sir? Bruce Wayne: If you're uncomfortable... Lucius Fox: Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Bruce Wayne: Fair enough.

§Batman Begins ¤ Batman: [has laid a snare-trap which yanks Flass by his leg 70 feet into the air] Where were the other drugs going? Flass: I never knew. I don't know. I swear to God... Batman: Swear to *me*! [He rapidly lowers a screaming Flass and then yanks him back up] Flass: I don't... I don't know. I never knew. Never. They went to some guy for a couple of days before they went to the dealers. Batman: Why? Flass: There was something... Something else in the drugs... something hidden. Batman: What? Flass: I never went to the drop-off point. It was in the Narrows. Cops only go there when they're in force. Batman: Do I look like a cop? Flass: No...! [rapidly lowers Flass once more before dropping him to the ground]

§Batman Begins ¤ Earle: Jessica, where are you? [walks into outer room] Bruce Wayne: [to Jessica] Eye on the ball, and... Earle: Why is no one answering the phone? [sees Bruce from behind, teaching Jessica to play golf] Bruce Wayne: [turning around] It's Wayne Enterprises, Mr. Earle, I'm sure they'll call back. Earle: Bruce? You're supposed to be dead. Bruce Wayne: Sorry to disappoint.

§Batman Begins ¤ Alfred Pennyworth: [referring to ordering the separate cowl pieces from Asia] They'll have to be, uh, large orders, uh, to avoid suspicion. Bruce Wayne: How large? Alfred Pennyworth: Say, uh, 10,000. Bruce Wayne: Well, at least we'll have spares.

§Batman Begins ¤ Carmine Falcone: [feigning insanity] Yeah, Doctor Crane, I can't take it anymore. It's all too much. "The walls are closing in." Blah, blah, blah. Couple more days of this food, it'll be true. Dr. Jonathan Crane: What do you want? Carmine Falcone: I want to know how you're gonna convince me to keep my mouth shut. Dr. Jonathan Crane: About what? You don't know anything. Carmine Falcone: I know you don't want the police to take a closer look at the drugs they seized. And I know about your experiments with the inmates of your nuthouse. See, I don't go into business with a guy without finding out his dirty secrets. And those goons you used - I own the muscle in this town. Now, I've been bringing your stuff in for months, so whatever he's planning, it's big, and I want in. Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, I already know what he'll say: that we should kill you. Carmine Falcone: [chuckling] No, even he can't get me in here. Not in my town. Dr. Jonathan Crane: [sighs, then matter-of-factly] Would you like to see my mask? I use it in my experiments. [takes out the Scarecrow mask] Dr. Jonathan Crane: Now, probably not very frightening to a guy like you, but these crazies, they can't stand it. [he puts it on] Carmine Falcone: So when did the nut take over the nuthouse? [Crane sprays fear gas into Falcone's face; Falcone begins to scream in terror as the gas takes effect: Crane's voice is altered, and the mask appears to move like a real face] The Scarecrow: They scream, and they cry. Much as you're doing now. [Cuts to later outside Falcone's cell. He is still screaming] Dr. Jonathan Crane: Well, he's not faking, not that one. I'll talk to the judge and see if I can get him moved to the secure wing at Arkham. I can't treat him here.

§Batman Begins ¤ Rachel Dawes: [looking at the ruins of the burned down Wayne Manor] What will you do? Bruce Wayne: Rebuild it. Just the way it was, brick for brick. Alfred Pennyworth: *Just* the way it was, sir? Bruce Wayne: Yeah. Why? Alfred Pennyworth: I thought this might be a good opportunity for improving the foundations. Bruce Wayne: In the south-east corner? Alfred Pennyworth: Precisely, sir.

§Batman Begins ¤ Falafel Stand Vendor: Flass, I have kids to feed. Flass: What, they don't like falafel?

§Batman Begins ¤ Henri Ducard: Always mind your surroundings.

§Batman Begins ¤ [meeting someone introduced as Ra's al Ghul] Bruce Wayne: You're not Ra's al Ghul. I watched him die. Henri Ducard: [from behind Bruce Wayne] But is Ra's al Ghul immortal? [Bruce turns around to face Ducard] Henri Ducard: Are his methods supernatural? Bruce Wayne: [to Ducard] Or cheap parlor tricks to conceal your true identity, "Ra's"? Henri Ducard: Surely, a man who spends his nights scrambling over the rooftops of Gotham wouldn't begrudge me dual identities? Bruce Wayne: I saved your life. Henri Ducard: I warned you about compassion, Bruce.

§Batman Begins ¤ Rachel Dawes: The DA couldn't understand why Judge Faden insisted on making the hearing public. Falcone paid him off to get Chill out in the open. Bruce Wayne: Maybe I should be thanking them. Rachel Dawes: You don't mean that. Bruce Wayne: What if I do Rachel? My parents deserved justice. Rachel Dawes: You're not talking about justice. You're talking about revenge. Bruce Wayne: Sometimes they're the same. Rachel Dawes: No, they're never the same, Bruce. Justice is about harmony. Revenge is about you making yourself feel better. Which is why we have an impartial system. Bruce Wayne: Your system is broken. Rachel Dawes: [Rachel makes a sharp turn] You care about justice? Look beyond your own pain, Bruce. This city is rotting. People talk about the depression as if its history, and it's not. Things are worse than ever down here. Falcone floods our streets with crime and drugs, preying on the desperate, creating new Joe Chills every day. Falcone not have killed your parents Bruce, but he's destroying everything they stood for. [She parks in front of a building] Rachel Dawes: You wanna thank him for that, here you go. We all know where to find him, but as long as he keeps the bad people rich and the good people scared no one will touch him. Good people like your parents who will stand against injustice, they're gone. What chance does Gotham have when the good people do nothing? Bruce Wayne: I'm not one of your good people, Rachel. Rachel Dawes: What do you mean? Bruce Wayne: All these years I wanted to kill him. [reveals his gun] Bruce Wayne: Now I can't. Rachel Dawes: [Rachel slaps him twice] Your father would be ashamed of you.

§Batman Begins ¤ Bruce Wayne: Don't turn around. You're a good cop, one of the few. Jim Gordon: What do you want? Bruce Wayne: Carmine Falcone brings in shipments of drugs every week, no one brings him down, why? Jim Gordon: He's paid up with the right people. Bruce Wayne: What will it take to bring him down? Jim Gordon: Leverage on Judge Faden, and a DA brave enough to prosecute. Bruce Wayne: Rachel Dawes. Jim Gordon: Who are you? Bruce Wayne: Watch for my sign. Jim Gordon: You're just one man? Bruce Wayne: Now we're two. Jim Gordon: We?

§Batman Begins ¤ [from teaser] Bruce Wayne: They told me there was nothing out there, nothing to fear. But the night my parents were murdered I caught a glimpse of something. I've looked for it ever since. I went around the world, searched in all the shadows. And there is something out there in the darkness, something terrifying, something that will not stop until it gets revenge... Me.

§Batman Begins ¤ [Rachel grabs a gun to protect herself and a little boy from escaped asylum inmates] Little Boy: Batman will save us. He'll come. He'll come. Rachel Dawes: [raises gun and shields the boy's face] Don't peek. [Batman drops from above, grabs them and lifts them to safety] Little Boy: I told you he'd come.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ [last lines] Jerry: Oh no you don't! Osgood, I'm gonna level with you. We can't get married at all. Osgood: Why not? Jerry: Well, in the first place, I'm not a natural blonde. Osgood: Doesn't matter. Jerry: I smoke! I smoke all the time! Osgood: I don't care. Jerry: Well, I have a terrible past. For three years now, I've been living with a saxophone player. Osgood: I forgive you. Jerry: [tragically] I can never have children! Osgood: We can adopt some. Jerry: But you don't understand, Osgood! Ohh... [Jerry finally gives up and pulls off his wig] Jerry: [normal voice] I'm a man! Osgood: [shrugs] Well, nobody's perfect! [Jerry looks on with disbelief as Osgood continues smiling with indifference. Fade out]

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Jerry: Have I got things to tell you! Joe: What happened? Jerry: I'm engaged. Joe: Congratulations. Who's the lucky girl? Jerry: I am!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Osgood: I am Osgood Fielding the third. Daphne: I'm Cinderella the second.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Junior: Syncopators. Does that mean you play that very fast music... jazz? Sugar: Yeah. Real Hot. Junior: I guess some like it hot. I personally prefer classical music.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ [at the booking office, trying to be hired] Joe: What kind of a band is this, anyway? Sig Poliakoff: You gotta be under twenty-five. Jerry: We could pass for that. Sig Poliakoff: You gotta be blonde. Jerry: We could dye our hair. Sig Poliakoff: And you gotta be girls. Jerry: We could... Joe: No, we couldn't!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: [on marrying well] I don't care how rich he is, as long as he has a yacht, his own private railroad car, and his own toothpaste.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: If my mother could only see me now. Joe: I hope *my* mother never finds out.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: [trying to get Jerry to face reality regarding his engagement to Osgood] Jerry, Jerry, will you take my advice? Forget about the whole thing, will ya? Just keep telling yourself: you're a boy, you're a boy. Jerry: I'm a boy. Joe: That's the boy. Jerry: [coming around] I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I wish I were dead. I'm a boy. Boy, oh boy, am I a boy. Now, what am I gonna do about my engagement present? Joe: What engagement present? Jerry: Osgood gave me a bracelet. Joe: [takes it and inspects the stones with Beinstock's glasses] Hey, these are real diamonds! Jerry: Of course they're real! What do you think? My fiance is a bum?

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: Real diamonds! They must be worth their weight in gold!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Jerry: Will you look at that! Look how she moves! It's like Jell-O on springs. Must have some sort of built-in motor or something. I tell you, it's a whole different sex!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe - 'Josephine': [grabbing Daphne by the collar] Daphne? Daphne: Well, I never did like the name Geraldine.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Osgood: You must be quite a girl. Daphne: Wanna bet?

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: But, you're *not* a girl! You're a *guy*, and, why would a guy wanna marry a guy? Jerry: Security!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: Water polo? Isn't that terribly dangerous? Junior: I'll say. I had two ponies drowned under me.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: [pouring bourbon into paper cup] Turn the lights on. Daphne: No lights, we don't want anyone to know we're having a party. Sugar: But I might spill some. Daphne: So spill it! Spills, thrills, laughs, and games. This may even turn out to be a surprise party. Sugar: What's the surprise? Daphne: Not yet. Sugar: When? Daphne: Better have a drink first. Sugar: There. That'll put hair on your chest. Daphne: No fair guessing.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sig Poliakoff: You're the wrong shape. Goodbye! Joe: What are you looking for - hunchbacks or something? Sig Poliakoff: It's not the backs that worry me.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: There's another problem. Jerry: Like what? Joe: Like, what are you gonna do on your honeymoon? Jerry: We've been discussing that. He wants to go to the Riviera but I kinda lean towards Niagara Falls.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Mulligan: What happened here? Little Bonaparte: [referring to Spats and his thugs] There was something in that cake that didn't agree with them. Mulligan: My compliments to the chef. Nobody leaves this room until I get the recipe. Little Bonaparte: You wanna make a federal case of it? Mulligan: [grabs the speaker of Little Bonaparte's hearing aid] Yeah!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: [singing] I wanna be loved by you, just you, nobody else but you. I wanna be loved by you alo-o-one. Boop boop e doo.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: [admiring a large fish trophy] What is it? Junior: It's a member of the herring family. Sugar: A herring? Isn't it amazing how they get those big fish into those little glass jars? Junior: They shrink when they're marinated.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: Story of my life. I always get the fuzzy end of the lollipop.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Osgood: [referring to his mother] Right now, she thinks I'm out there on my yacht - deep sea fishing! Daphne: Well, pull in your reel, Mr. Fielding, you're barking up the wrong fish!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Jerry: Now you've done it! Now you have done it! Joe: Done what? Jerry: You tore off one of my chests!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sweet Sue: Idiot broads! Here we are, all packed, ready to leave for Miami, and what happens? The saxophone runs off with a Bible salesman, and the bass fiddle gets herself pregnant! Beinstock, I ought to fire you! Beinstock: Me? I'm the manager of the band, not the night watchman.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Toothpick Charlie: Look, chief, I better blow 'cause if Columbo sees me, it's gonna be "Goodbye Charlie!" Mulligan: Goodbye, Charlie.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: Been waiting long? Junior: [gallantly] It's not how long you wait, it's who you're waiting for!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Junior: [Kissing] I think you're on the right track. Sugar: I must be. Your glasses are beginning to steam up.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Junior: Look, if all you're interested in is whether I am married or not... Sugar: Oh, I'm not interested at all. Junior: Well, I'm not. Sugar: That's very interesting!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: I come from this musical family. My mother is a piano teacher and my father was a conductor. Joe: Where did he conduct? Sugar: On the Baltimore and Ohio.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Osgood: You know, I've always been *fascinated* by show business. Daphne: Is that so? Osgood: Yes. As a matter of fact it's cost my family quite a bit of money. Daphne: Oh, you invest in shows? Osgood: Showgirls. I've been married seven or eight times. Daphne: You're not sure? Osgood: Mama is keeping score.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Spats Colombo: [to coin-flipping wise guy] Where did you pick up that cheap trick?

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: Oh, Daphne, how can I ever repay you? Jerry: Oh, I can think of a million things. [Sugar gets into bed with him] Jerry: And that's one of them!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Jerry: [Joe used a "Cary Grant" voice when posing as a millionaire] What are you trying to do to that poor girl, putting on a millionaire act? And, where did you get that phony accent? Nobody "talks loike thet"!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sweet Sue: Are you two from the Poliakoff agency? Joe: Yes, we're the new girls. Daphne: Brand new!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: We won't breathe a word! Spats Colombo: You won't breathe nothin' - not even air.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: What are you worried about? This job is going to last a long time. Jerry: Well, suppose it doesn't? Joe: Jerry, boy, why do you have to paint everything so black? Suppose you got hit by a truck. Suppose the stock market crashes. Suppose Mary Pickford divorces Douglas Fairbanks. Suppose the Dodgers leave Brooklyn! Jerry: [Jerry notices the badge of an undercover agent at a nearby table] Joe...? Joe: Suppose Lake Michigan overflows. Jerry: Well, don't look now, but the whole town is underwater!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: [apologizing because the motor boat will only move backwards] I'm afraid it may take a little longer. Sugar: It's not how long it takes, it's who's taking you.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Mulligan: You better bring a check in case the joint is raided. Waiter: Who's gonna raid a funeral? Mulligan: Some people got no respect for the dead.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Little Bonaparte: [thick Italian accent] Thank you, fellow opera-lovers. It's been ten years since I elected myself president of dis organization... an' if I say so myself, you made duh right choice. Let's look at duh record: In duh lass fissel year we made a hundred an' twelve million dollars before taxes... only we didn't pay no taxes!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Osgood: Which of these instruments do you play? Jerry: Bull fiddle! Osgood: Fascinating! Do you use a bow or do you just pluck it? Jerry: Most of the time, I *slap* it!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Daphne: [after meeting the all-girl band they'll be traveling with] How about that talent, huh? It's like falling into a tub of butter. Joe: Watch it, Daphne! Daphne: When I was a kid, Joe, I used to have a dream. I was locked up overnight in a pastry shop, and there was goodies all around. There was jelly rolls, and mocha eclairs, and sponge cake and Boston cream pie... Joe: Look, Stoop... Daphne: And cherry tart... Joe: Stoop, listen to me! No butter, no pastry. We're on a diet!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: [referring to Jerry] He has an empty stomach and it's gone to his head.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: Oh Josephine! The most wonderful thing happened! Joe: What? Sugar: Guess. Joe: They repealed prohibition? Jerry: Oh come now, you can do better than that. Sugar: I met one of them. Joe: One of whom? Sugar: Shell Oil Junior. He's got millions, he's got glasses, he's got a yacht! Joe: You don't say. Jerry: He's not only got a yacht, he's got a bicycle!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Osgood: [to the elevator operator] All right, driver, once around the park, slowly, and keep your eyes on the road.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Spats Colombo: Hello, copper. What brings you to Miami? Mulligan: Heard you "opera lovers" were having a convention, so I thought I'd better be around in case anybody decided to sing.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Spats Colombo: [when his speakeasy is raided] What's the rap this time? Mulligan: Embalming people with coffee - 86 proof.

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Sugar: [after running back to the room to tell Josephine about the millionaire, Joe's other alter ego, and finding she's not there] Well I'll be back later. Jerry: Oh no you wait. I have a feeling she'll show up any minute. Sugar: Believe it or not, Josephine predicted the whole thing. Jerry: Yeah, this is one for Ripley. Sugar: Do you suppose she went shopping? Jerry: Shopping! That's it! Something tells me she's gonna come through that door in a brand new outfit!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe: [to Spats, about the murders they just witnessed] We didn't see anything. Did we? Jerry: No! [laughs nervously] Jerry: Nothing. Besides, it's none of our business if you guys wanna bump each other off, we don't - [Joe nudges him to shut him up]

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Joe - 'Josephine': [to Daphne] . What are you afraid of? No-one's asking you to have a baby!

§Some Like It Hot ¤ Jerry: Oh, why did I let you talk me into this? Joe: I thought you weren't speaking to me.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Rear Admiral: Maverick. Thirty-plus years of service. Combat medals. Citations. Only man to shoot down three enemy planes in the last 40 years. [Cain looks through pages of Maverick's records] Rear Admiral: 'Distinguished.' 'Distinguished.' 'Distinguished.' Yet you can't get a promotion, you won't retire, and despite your best efforts, you refuse to die. You should be at least a two-star admiral by now, if not a senator. Yet here you are: Captain. Why is that? Maverick: It's one of life's mysteries, sir. Rear Admiral: This isn't a joke. I asked you a question. Maverick: I'm where I belong, sir. Rear Admiral: Well, the navy doesn't see it that way. Not anymore. [pause] Rear Admiral: These planes you've been testing, Captain, one day, sooner or later, they won't need pilots at all. Pilots that need to sleep, eat, take a piss. Pilots that disobey orders. All you did was buy some time for those men out there. The future is coming, and you're not in it. [Cain faces the officer by the door] Rear Admiral: Escort this man off the base. Take him to his quarters. Wait with him while he packs his gear. I want him on the road to North Island within the hour. [surprised look on Maverick's face] Maverick: North Island, sir? Rear Admiral: Call came in with impeccable timing, right as I was driving here to ground your ass once and for all. It galls me to say it, but... for reasons known only to the Almighty and your guardian angel, you've been called back to Top Gun. Maverick: Sir? Rear Admiral: You are dismissed, Captain. [Maverick proceeds to leave Cain's office] Rear Admiral: The end is inevitable, Maverick. Your kind is headed for extinction. [Maverick turns around] Maverick: Maybe so, sir. But not today.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Rear Admiral: The end is inevitable, Maverick. Your kind is headed for extinction. Maverick: Maybe so, sir. But not today.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Please don't tell me we lost an engine. Maverick: Alright, I won't tell you that.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Adm. Tom 'Iceman' Kazansky: The Navy needs Maverick. The kid needs Maverick. That's why I fought for you. That's why you're still here. Maverick: Thank you, Ice, for everything. Adm. Tom 'Iceman' Kazansky: One last thing, who's the better pilot, you or me? Maverick: This is a nice moment, let's not ruin it.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Talk to me dad.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: [after destroying the plane that almost killed Maverick and Rooster] Good afternoon, ladies and gentleman, this is your savior speaking. Please fasten your seat belts, return the tray tables to their locked an upright positions and prepare for landing. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Hey, Hangman, you look good. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: I am good, Rooster. I'm very good. I'll see you back on deck.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ [after crashing the Darkstar, Maverick walks into a small town diner and is given a glass of water] Maverick: Thank you. Where am I? Kid in Truck Stop: [staring at Maverick] Earth?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ [repeated line] Maverick: Talk to me, Goose.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: Thank you for saving my life. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: It's what my dad would've done.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: Your instructor is one of the finest pilots this program has ever produced. His exploits are legendary. What he has to teach you may very well mean the difference between life and death. I give you Captain, Pete Mitchell, call sign, Maverick.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: [At the beginning of a training mission] Good morning, aviators. This is your captain speaking. Welcome to Basic Fighter Maneuvers, As briefed, today's exercise is dog-fighting, guns only, no missiles. We do not go below the hard deck of 5,000 ft. Working as team you have to shoot me down or else... Payback: ...or else what, sir? Maverick: ...or else I shoot back. If I shoot either one of you down, you both lose. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: This guy needs an ego check. Lt. Brigham 'Harvard' Lennox: We'll see to that! Payback: Sir, what say we put some skin in the game? Maverick: What do you have in mind? Payback: Whoever gets shot down first has to do 200 push-ups. Maverick: Guys, that's a lot of push-ups. Fanboy: Ah well, they don't call it an exercise for nothing, sir. Maverick: You got yourself a deal, gentlemen. Fight's on. Let's turn and burn! Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Fanboy, you see him? Fanboy: Not beyond the radar up ahead. He must be somewhere behind us. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [Maverick got ready and from below them, swooshed past between their jets upwards] Damn it! Fanboy: What the hell? Payback: Oh shit! Maverick: Easy, Maverick. Let's try not to get fired on the first day.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: Your reputation precedes you. Maverick: Thank you, Sir. Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: It wasn't a compliment. Maverick: I have to admit I wasn't expecting an invitation back. Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: They're called *orders*, Maverick.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: He would always resent me for what I did. Why should he resent her too?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Come on, Mav, do some of that pilot shit!

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: [to Iceman] How's my wingman?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: You have put me in a difficult position, Captain. On the one hand, you have demonstrated that this mission can be flown, perhaps the only way it can be survived. On the other hand, you did it by stealing a multi-million dollar military aircraft and flying it in such a manner that it may never be airworthy again. Iceman is no longer here to protect you. I have everything I need to have you court-martialed and dishonorably discharged. So what do I do? Risk the lives of my pilots, and perhaps the success of this mission, or risk my career by appointing you team leader? Maverick: Sir... Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: I think the Admiral is asking a rhetorical question, Captain.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Then it's a dog fight. Maverick: An F-14 against 5th-Gen fighters? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: It's not the plane. It's the pilot. Maverick: Exactly!

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Captain Mitchell, Captain Mitchell, sir! Maverick: Thank you for saving my life. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: It's what my dad would've done.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: Captain Mitchell. You're where you belong. Make us proud.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Wo-1. Bernie 'Hondo' Coleman: I don't like that look Mav... Maverick: It's the only one I got...

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Amelia: Captain, still? Maverick: Highly decorated Captain!

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Penny Benjamin: [to Maverick as he watches her enter her house after taking her home] Don't give me that look. Maverick: What look? Penny Benjamin: That one.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Penny Benjamin: [They are out sailing] Little rougher than I was expecting. Maverick: You don't say! Penny Benjamin: Pull on the backstay. We'll de-power the sails. Maverick: OK. What does that mean? Penny Benjamin: You're supposed to be in the Navy! Maverick: I don't sail boats Penny, I land on them! Penny Benjamin: [after teaching Maverick how to handle the sails, she pats his shoulder] Now you're in the Navy!

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Wo-1. Bernie 'Hondo' Coleman: Maverick, Maverick. Hey, you with me? I don't like that look, Mav. Maverick: It's the only one I got. Thank you. If I don't see you again Hondo, thank you. Wo-1. Bernie 'Hondo' Coleman: It's been an honor, Captain.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: [to Bob, about Hangman] That's why we call him Hangman. He will always hang you out to dry.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: [while Cyclone is giving the pilots new instructions on the mission, the screen shows a plane is about to run the course] Who the hell is that? Maverick: Maverick to Range Control. Entering Point Alpha, confirm Green Range. Mission Controller: Maverick, Range Control. Green Range is confirmed. I don't see an event scheduled for you, sir. Maverick: Well, I'm going anyway. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Nice. Maverick: Set the time to target, 2 minutes 15 seconds. Payback: 2:15 that's impossible! Maverick: File attack point, Maverick's inbound. [Maverick runs the course and gets to the target] Maverick: Bomb's away! Lt. Robert 'Bob' Floyd: [after Maverick ran the training course in 2:14.84 and destroyed the target] Bullseye, holy shit! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Damn!

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: Sir, we're receiving a signal from Rooster's e-set, but there seems to be a malfunction. Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: Have you lost him? Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: No, sir. He's supersonic. Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: He's airborne! Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: In what? Comms-Crew Tech: Sir, Overwatch reports an F-14 Tomcat is airborne and on course for our position. Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: Can't be, it-it can't be! Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: [Utters in disbelief] Maverick!

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Got yourself another kill. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: That makes two. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Mav has five. Makes him an ace

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: There's more than one way to fly this mission. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: You really don't get it. On this mission, a man flies like Maverick here, or a man does not come back. No offense, intended. Lt. Robert 'Bob' Floyd: And somehow, you always manage. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Hey, I don't mean to criticize, you're conservative, that's all. Maverick: Lieutenant... Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: We're going into combat son, on a level no living pilot's ever seen. [referring to Maverick] Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Not even him. There's no time to be thinking about the past. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: What's that supposed to mean? Maverick: Rooster... Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: I can't be the only one that knows that Maverick flew with his old man. Maverick: That's enough. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: That Maverick was flying with his old man... Maverick: Lieutenant, that's enough. [the other pilots hold Rooster back from attacking Hangman] Maverick: That's enough! Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: You son of a bitch! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Hey, I'm cool, I'm cool. Hey. Maverick: That's enough. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: He's not cut out for this mission. Maverick: That's enough. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: You know it. You know I'm right. Maverick: You're all dismissed. [the pilots leave the room]

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: [Repeated line, whenever someone tells him they don't like the look he's making] It's the only one I've got.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Breaking the hard deck? Insubordination? Are you trying to get kicked out? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Don't worry about it. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Look, I'm going on this mission, but if you get kicked out, you leave us flying with Hangman. Talk to me, what the hell was that? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: He pulled my papers. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: What? Who? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Maverick. He pulled my application to Naval Academy. He set me back four years. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Why would he do that?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: Having fun yet?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: The hard deck is 5,000 feet above ground level, a perimeter set not just for the safety of our pilots but for the safety of their aircraft. 5,000 feet is not just a rule, it is a law, as immutable as gravity. Maverick: The hard deck will be much lower for the mission, sir. Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: And it will not change without my approval, especially not in the middle of an exercise! And that Cobra maneuver of yours? That could have got all three of you killed. I never want to see that shit again! Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: What exactly do you suppose you were teaching, captain? Maverick: As good as they are, sir, they still have something to learn. Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: You are talking about the best fighter pilots on the planet, captain. Maverick: And they been told that their entire career while they've been dropping bombs from a high altitude with little to no dog fighting. The parameters of this mission call for something they have never encountered, something... Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: You have less than three weeks to teach them how to fight as a team and how to strike the target. Maverick: ...and how to come home. And how to come home, sir. Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: Every mission has its risks. These pilots accept that. Maverick: I don't, sir. Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: Every morning from this day forward you will brief us on your instructional plans in writing and nothing will change without my express approval. Maverick: Including the hard deck, sir? Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: *Especially* the hard deck, captain. Maverick: [Maverick places a folder on Cyclone's desk] Sir. Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: What is this? Maverick: It's a request to lower the hard deck sir, to practice low level bombing per the mission parameters. Adm. Solomon 'Warlock' Bates: You can learn a thing or two about timing, captain.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [after looking at a hangar in the bombed enemy airfield] You've got to be shitting me! An F-14? Maverick: I shot down three Migs in one of those. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: We don't even know if that bag of ass can fly. Maverick: Let's find out. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [Maverick runs to the hangar and Rooster follows him] Mav! OK.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Meek Engineer: [When everyone celebrates that Maverick reached Mach 10, he looks at Admiral Caine] Put that in your Pentagon budget! Meek Engineer: [Admiral Caine gives him a stern look] Sorry.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Say, Phoenix. How's about we tell everybody 'Bob' stands for something? Other than Robert, I mean. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Don't take the bait, Bob. Wanna know why we call him Hangman? Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: All right. I got it. Baby On Board. [Maverick appears out of nowhere and flies by at full speed between Phoenix and Hangman's planes] Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Shit! Maverick: Greetings aviators. Fight's on! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Alright, Phoenix. let's take this guy out! Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [Listening to the radio] Watch your back, Phoenix! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Break right! Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Breaking right. [Hangman leaves Phoenix] Lt. Robert 'Bob' Floyd: Where's he going? Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: That's why we call him Hangman. He'll always hang you out to dry. Maverick: Leaving your wingman. There's a strategy I haven't seen in a while. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: He called you a man, Phoenix. You gonna take that? Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: So long as he doesn't call you a man. [towards Bob] Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Talk to me Bob, where's Maverick? Lt. Robert 'Bob' Floyd: Jesus, his nose is already coming around! Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Get him off me, Hangman! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: For all you folks at home, this is how you bury a fossil! Maverick: Alright, Hangman. Time to teach you a lesson. [Maverick puts Phoenix and Bob on missile lock] Maverick: You're out, Phoenix. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Son of a bitch! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Let's go Mav, let's see what you got. Maverick: Come get me! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Evil be gone. Hangman's coming! [Hangman keeps up with Maverick] Maverick: Yeah, you're good. I'll give you that. [Maverick flies up to the sun, blinding Hangman, who is after him] Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Shit! Phoenix I can't see him. How close am I? Phoenix? Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: I'm dead, dickhead! Lt. Robert 'Bob' Floyd: See you in the afterlife, Bagman. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Where is he? Where is he? [Maverick soars from behind Hangman and paints him killed] Maverick: That's a kill.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: [in response to Iceman's message It's time to let go, tearing up] I don't know how. I'm not a teacher, Ice. I'm a fighter pilot. Naval aviator. It's not what I am, it's who I am. How do I teach that? Even if I could teach it, it's not what Rooster wants. It's not what the Navy wants. It's why they canned me the last time. The only reason I'm here is you. If I send him on this mission, he might never come home. And if I don't send him, he'll never forgive me. Either way, I can lose him forever.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Fellas, this here is Bagman. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Hangman. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Whatever. You're looking at the only naval aviator in active duty with a confirmed air to air kill. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Stop. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Mind you, the other guy was in a museum piece from the Korean War. Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: Cold War. Payback: Different wars, same century. Fanboy: Not this one. Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: Who are your friends? Payback: Payback. Fanboy: Fanboy. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Hey, Coyote. Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: Hey. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Who's he? Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: Who's who? [Phoenix nods towards Bob] Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: When did you get in? Lt. Robert 'Bob' Floyd: Oh, I- I've been here the whole time. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Well, the man's a stealth pilot. Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: Literally. Lt. Robert 'Bob' Floyd: Weapons Systems Officer, actually. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: With no sense of humour.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: [Looking at a picture of Maverick's Top Gun class] Yo, Coyote, take a look at this. Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: [Looks at Maverick in the picture] The man, the legend. There he is. Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: No, no, no, next to him. That look familiar to you? Lt. Javy 'Coyote' Machado: What have we here? Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: [Referring to Goose] Bradshaw. As I live and breathe.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Penny Benjamin: Oh, you gotta be kidding me. Pete! Maverick: Penny? What are you doing here? Penny Benjamin: I should ask you the same thing. Maverick: That is a long story. Penny Benjamin: I doubt that. Maverick: Yeah. Penny Benjamin: Who did you piss off this time? Maverick: Another admiral. Penny Benjamin: Exactly! Maverick: Are you mad at me? Penny Benjamin: Oh Pete, I could never stay mad at you, that's the problem.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: Rooster! Bradley! Lieutenant Bradshaw! Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Yes, sir? Maverick: Let's not do it like this. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Are you going to wash me out? Maverick: That'll be up to you, not me. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Am I dismissed?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Why'd you pull my papers at the academy? Why didn't you just *stay out of my way*? Maverick: You weren't ready. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Ready for what? Huh? Ready to fly like you? Maverick: No, ready to forget the book. Trust your instincts! Don't think, just do. You think up there, you're dead. Believe me. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: My dad believed in you. I'm not gonna make the same mistake.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: Maverick to Range Control, entering point alpha, confirm green range. Range Control: Uh Maverick Range Control, uh green range is confirmed I don't see an event scheduled for you Sir. Maverick: Well, I'm going anyway. Lt. Natasha 'Phoenix' Trace: Nice.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: [Once airborne in F-14 Tomcat] Okay Rooster, get us in touch with the boat. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Working on it. Radio's out, no radar, everything's dead back here, what do I do? Talk me through it. Maverick: Okay, first the radio. Throw the UHF-2 circuit breaker, try that. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: There's 300 breakers back here, anything more specific? Maverick: I don't know, that was your dad's department. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: I'll figure it out. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [Looking below at 5 Gen fighters] Mav tally two, five o'clock low! Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: What do we do? Maverick: Okay listen. just be cool. If they knew who we were we'd be dead already. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [Watching fighters increase altitude] Well, here they come. What's your plan? Maverick: Just put your mask on. Remember, we're on the same team. Just waive and smile. Just waive and smile. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [Watching Fifth Gen fighter pilot's hand signals] What's that signal, what's he saying? Maverick: No idea. I have no idea what he's saying. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: What about that one, any idea? Maverick: Nope, never seen that one either. Maverick: Shit. His wingman is moving into weapons envelope. Maverick: Alright, listen up. When I tell you, you grab those rigs above your head. That's the ejection handle. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Mav, can we outrun these guys? Maverick: Not their missiles and guns. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Then it's a dogfight. Maverick: An F-14 against 5th Gen fighters? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: It's not the plane, it's the pilot. You'd go after them if I wasn't here. Maverick: But you are here. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: C'mon, Mav. Don't think, just do. [Mav pulls right and the dogfight begins]

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [after Maverick shoves Rooster onto the ground] What the hell? Maverick: What are you doing here? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: What am I doing here? Maverick: You think I took that missile so you could be down here with me? You should be back on the carrier by now! Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: I saved your life! Maverick: I saved your life! That's the whole point! What the hell were you even thinking? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: You told me not to think! [Maverick stares blankly at Rooster, Rooster shrugs] Maverick: Well, it's good to see you. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: It's good to see you, too.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Say, Rooster, mind if I ask you a personal question? Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Would it matter if I did? Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: So what's the story with you and Maverick? Seems like he's got you a little rattled. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: It's none of your business. Now where the hell is he? Maverick: Been here the whole time. [Maverick, flying under Rooster's plane, flips his plane upwards on his starboard side and ends up inverted over Rooster's plane] Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: Holy shit! Maverick: You see me now? Come on, let's get it over with. Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [Maverick and Rooster begin to spiral downwards] Fight's on! Lt. Jake 'Hangman' Seresin: What is with these two?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: [seeing the Felon pull off Kvochur's bell] Holy shit. What the fuck was that?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Bradley 'Rooster' Bradshaw: Why are the wings coming out, Mav?

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Title Card: On March 3, 1969 the United States Navy established an elite school for the top one percent of its pilots. Its purpose was to teach the lost art of aerial combat and to ensure that the handful of men and women who graduated were the best fighter pilots in the world. They succeeded. Today, the Navy calls it Fighter Weapons School. The flyers call it: TOP GUN: MAVERICK.

§Top Gun: Maverick ¤ Maverick: Including the hard deck, Sir? Adm. Beau 'Cyclone' Simpson: Especially the hard deck!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: Let me tell you something. There's no nobility in poverty. I have been a rich man and I have been a poor man. And I choose rich every fuckin' time. Because, at least as a rich man, when I have to face my problems, I show up in the back of the limo, wearing a $2000 suit and a $40,000 gold fuckin' watch.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Max Belfort: What kind of hooker takes credit cards? Donnie Azoff: A rich one!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: Brad, show them how it's done. Sell me that pen. Watch. Go on. Brad: You want me to sell you this fucking pen? Jordan Belfort: That's my boy right there. Can fucking sell anything. Brad: Why don't you do me a favor. Write your name down on that napkin for me. Jordan Belfort: I don't have a pen. Brad: Exactly. Supply and demand, my friend.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ [repeated line] Jordan Belfort: Sell me this pen!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: My name is Jordan Belfort. I'm a former member of the middle class raised by two accountants in a tiny apartment in Bayside, Queens. The year I turned 26, as the head of my own brokerage firm, I made $49 million, which really pissed me off because it was three shy of a million a week.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: I fucked her brains out... for eleven seconds.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: On a daily basis I consume enough drugs to sedate Manhattan, Long Island, and Queens for a month. I take Quaaludes 10-15 times a day for my "back pain", Adderall to stay focused, Xanax to take the edge off, pot to mellow me out, cocaine to wake me back up again, and morphine... Well, because it's awesome. But of all the drugs under God's blue heaven, here is one that is my absolute favorite. See, enough of this shit will make you invincible - able to conquer the world. And eviscerate your enemies. [Sniffs cocaine] Jordan Belfort: And I'm not talking about this... I'm talking about this. [Shows 100$]

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Mark Hanna: The name of the game, moving the money from the client's pocket to your pocket. Jordan Belfort: But if you can make your clients money at the same time it's advantageous to everyone, correct? Mark Hanna: No.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Max Belfort: $430,000 in one month, Jordy. Huh? Jordan Belfort: They're business expenses. Max Belfort: Jordy, look what you've got here. Look at this! $26,000 for one fucking dinner! Jordan Belfort: No, no, this can be explained. Dad, we had clients, Pfizer clients. Champagne. Nicky Koskoff: The porterhouse from Argentina. Jordan Belfort: Expensive champagne and the what, we had to buy champagne. [to Donnie] Jordan Belfort: And you brought in all the sides... Tell him about the sides. Donnie Azoff: I ordered the sides, so... Max Belfort: Sides? Sides? $26,000 worth of sides? What are these sides? They cure cancer? Donnie Azoff: The sides did cure cancer, that's the problem, that's why they were so expensive. Jordan Belfort: [bursting into laughter] Shut the fuck up! Donnie Azoff: I'm serious.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Mark Hanna: You gotta stay relaxed. Do you jerk off? Jordan Belfort: What? Do I jerk off? Yeah. Yeah, I jerk off. Yeah. Mark Hanna: How many times a week? Jordan Belfort: Like, um, three or four. Three or four times, maybe five. Mark Hanna: Gotta pump those numbers up. Those are rookie numbers in this racket. I myself, I jerk off at least twice a day. Jordan Belfort: Wow. Mark Hanna: Once in the morning, right after I work out. And then once right after lunch. Jordan Belfort: Really? Mark Hanna: I want to. That's not why I do it. I do it cause I fuckin' need to.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [Wakes up on plane; finds he is restrained by a seatbelt across his chest] Oh, Jesus Christ. Fuck. Donnie. Donnie, this isn't... this isn't funny, you gotta untie me, buddy. Donnie Azoff: I can't untie you! The captain tied you up, he almost fuckin' tasered you! Jordan Belfort: Why? Donnie Azoff: Why? You were, like, screaming at people. You were on the floor rollin' around and shit. Jordan Belfort: Oh, Jesus. Donnie Azoff: You called the captain the n-word. Jordan Belfort: I called the captain the n-word? Donnie Azoff: Yeah, he was very upset. Jordan Belfort: Really? Donnie Azoff: Luckily we're in first class. Jesus Christ. I think you have a fuckin' drug problem.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: People say shit... I mean like, you married your cousin or some stupid shit. Donnie Azoff: Yeah, my wife is my cousin or whatever, but it's not like what you think. Jordan Belfort: Is she like, a first cousin? Donnie Azoff: Her father is the brother of my mom. Like, we grew up together, and she grew up hot, you know, she fucking grew up hot. And all my friends are trying to fuck her, you know, and I'm not gonna let one of these assholes fuck my cousin. So I used the cousin thing, as like, an in with her. I'm not like, gonna let someone else fuck my cousin, you know? If anyone's gonna fuck my cousin, it's gonna be me. Out of respect.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Patrick Denham: Let me give you some legal advice: Shut the fuck up!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: Oh my God! You had to deal with the Golf Course people too! What a greek tragedy! Honey oh my God!, you probably had to pay them in cash with your hands! What a fucking burden, and actually had to do some work besides swiping my fucking credit card all day? Huh? Cause I can't keep track of your professions honey! Last month you were a wine connoisseur, and now you're an aspiring landscape architect, Isn't that right? Naomi Lapaglia: Fuck you! Jordan Belfort: Don't you dare throw that fucking water on me! Don't you fucking dare!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [throwing money at the FBI agents] Fun coupons!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [to the waiter] Oh, I'm good with water for now. Mark Hanna: It's his first day on Wall Street. Give him time.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [in thoughts] What I'm asking, you Swiss dick, is are you going to fuck me over? Jean Jacques Saurel: [also in thoughts] I understand perfectly, you American shit. Jean Jacques Saurel: Ça depend. Jordan Belfort: Ça depend on what exactly? Jean Jacques Saurel: Whether America plans to invade Switzerland in the upcoming months.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: I heard some stupid shit. I... I didn't even want to bring it up. It's just... stupid. Donnie Azoff: Shit with me? Jordan Belfort: You know, just... people say shit. I don't even know. I don't even listen to it half the time. Donnie Azoff: What do they say? Jordan Belfort: Shit about you and your cousin or something like that. I don't even listen to it. It doesn't even... Donnie Azoff: No... it's not like that. It's not like that. Jordan Belfort: You know what I mean? Like you married your cousin or some stupid shit, you know? Donnie Azoff: Yeah, my wife... yeah, my wife is my cousin or whatever. But it's not like what you think or whatever, you know... Jordan Belfort: Is she like a... first cousin, or is she... Donnie Azoff: Yeah, no. She... you know, her... her father is the... is the brother of my mom. Jordan Belfort: Mhm. Donnie Azoff: It's not like... Look. We grew up together, and she grew up hot, you know. She fuckin' grew up hot and all of my friends were trying to fuck her, you know, and I wasn't... I'm not gonna let someone, you know, one of these assholes fuck my cousin. So I, you know, used the cousin thing as like... like an in with her. I'm not gonna let someone else fuck my cousin, you know? If anyone is gonna fuck my cousin it's gonna be me, out of... out of respect, you know? Jordan Belfort: No, I get it, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, you're not afraid of like the whole kid thing, right? Like the whole... Donnie Azoff: What, if the kid's retarded? Jordan Belfort: Yeah. Donnie Azoff: No, we have two kids. Jordan Belfort: And they're... I mean, I don't want to get personal or anything, but are they okay? Donnie Azoff: No, they're not retarded or anything like that... Jordan Belfort: But there's a big chance, right? The whole... Donnie Azoff: Yeah, there's like a 60 percent, you know... 60, 65 percent chance the kid's gonna be fuckin' retarded or whatever... Jordan Belfort: That'd scare the shit out of me, buddy. Donnie Azoff: Look, man... a lot of having a kid or whatever takes risk, whether you're fuckin' cousins or not, you know... Jordan Belfort: What if... what if you... I mean, what if something like that happened? Donnie Azoff: Well, basically, you know, if the kid was retarded I would... I would, you know, drive it up to the country and just like, you know, open the door and let it... say "You're free now!" You know? Like, "Run free!" You know?

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: I am not gonna die sober!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: You want a beer, pal? Donnie Azoff: What are you drinkin'? Jordan Belfort: I got this non-alcoholic shit... Donnie Azoff: What's that? Jordan Belfort: It's like a non-alcoholic beer. It's got no... no alcohol. Donnie Azoff: It's a beer? Jordan Belfort: Yeah, with no alcohol. Donnie Azoff: But, you drink enough and... you drink a lot and it'll get you fucked up? Jordan Belfort: No, there's no alcohol. That's the fuckin' point. Donnie Azoff: I'm not a scientist; I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. I can get you beer if you want fuckin' beer. Jordan Belfort: I know, but I don't drink, remember? I don't drink anymore. Donnie Azoff: What, you wanna go inside and blow some lines of baking powder, baking soda? Can't imagine ever not enjoying getting fucked up. I love it. Jordan Belfort: Yeah... Donnie Azoff: How's being sober? Jordan Belfort: It fuckin' sucks. Donnie Azoff: Boring, right? Jordan Belfort: So boring. I'm gonna kill myself.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [narrating to the camera] An I.P.O. is an initial public offering. It's the first time a stock is offered for sale to the general population. Now as the firm taking the company public, we set the initial sales price then sold those shares right back to our friends. Yet... [stops and chuckles] Jordan Belfort: Look, I know you're not following what I'm saying anyway, right? That's... that's okay, that doesn't matter. The real question is this: was all this legal? Absolutely fucking not. But we were making more money than we knew what do with.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Donnie Azoff: Jesus Christ, I think you have a fuckin' drug problem. Jordan Belfort: Where are the 'ludes'? Donnie Azoff: They're up my ass. Don't worry about it, I got it. Jordan Belfort: [sigh of relief] Thank God.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Donnie Azoff: I'll tell you what: I'm never eating at Benihana again. I don't care whose birthday it is.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Donnie Azoff: How much money you make? Jordan Belfort: $70,000 last month. Donnie Azoff: Get the fuck outta here! Jordan Belfort: Well, technically, $72,000 last month. Donnie Azoff: You show me a pay stub for $72,000, I quit my job right now and work for you. [later, on the phone] Donnie Azoff: Hey Paulie, what's up? No, everything's fine. Hey, listen, I quit!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [dubious] S-so if I, if I sell a stock at $10,000, my commission is 5,000 bucks. Dwayne: If you sell $10,000 worth of this stock, I will personally give you a blowjob for free [Jordan laughs] Dwayne: ... and I hope it happens. [both laugh]

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [holding his child] Does Daddy get a kiss from both of his little girls? Naomi Lapaglia: Oh, no. No, Daddy doesn't even get to touch Mommy for a very, very... very long time. Jordan Belfort: Daddy's really sorry about what he said in the other room, he didn't mean any of it! Naomi Lapaglia: Daddy shouldn't waste his time. And from now on... it's gonna be nothing but short, short skirts around the house. And you know something else, Daddy? Mommy is just so sick and tired of wearing panties. Jordan Belfort: Yeah? Naomi Lapaglia: Yeah. Naomi Lapaglia: [pushes him away with her legs] But no touching. Jordan Belfort: Oh, gosh.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: This right here is the land of opportunity. This is America. This is my home! The show goes on! [quoting Norma Rae] Jordan Belfort: They're gonna need to send in the National Guard to take me out, cos I ain't going nowhere!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Nicholas the Butler: [Naomi walks in on a gay orgy] Oh, hey! Is it Wednesday already?

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Patrick Denham: Most of the Wall Street jackasses that I bust, they're to the manor born. Their fathers are douchebags, just like their fathers before them. But you... You, Jordan, you got this way all on your own. Jordan Belfort: Did I? Patrick Denham: Good for you, little man. Jordan Belfort: Little man? [laughs] Jordan Belfort: Me, the little man? Patrick Denham: Let me tell you something else. Honestly, I'm not bullshitting here, this is one of the nicest boats that I've ever been on. I gotta tell you. Jordan Belfort: I bet it is. Patrick Denham: And you wanna know what I was just thinking too? The fucking hero I'm gonna be back at the office when the Bureau seizes this fucking boat. Because, I mean, fuckety fuck fuck, Jordan, look at this thing! It's beautiful! And you got the beautiful girls there. It's wonderful. Jordan Belfort: [laughing] All right, get the fuck off my boat. Patrick Denham: I'm sure we'll be seeing each other real soon. Jordan Belfort: I'm sure. Good luck on that subway ride home to your miserable, ugly fucking wives. I'm gonna have Heidi lick some caviar off my balls in the meantime.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: She designs women's panties too? Oh, my God!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: See those little black boxes? They're called telephones. I'm gonna let you in on a little secret about these telephones. They're not gonna dial themselves. Okay? Without you, they're just worthless hunks of plastic. Like a loaded M16 without a trained marine to pull the trigger.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: My wife, Naomi, the Duchess of Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. A former model and Miller Lite girl. Yeah. She was the one with my cock in her mouth in the Ferrari, so put your dick back in your pants.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: So you listen to me and you listen well. Are you behind on your credit card bills? Good, pick up the phone and start dialing! Is your landlord ready to evict you? Good! Pick up the phone and start dialing! Does your girlfriend think you're a fucking worthless loser? Good! Pick up the phone and start dialing! I want you to deal with your problems by becoming rich!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Donnie Azoff: I check my messages every day when I come home from work... my answering machine... zero! I got a blinkling light because I don't have shit from you. I got my wife... I got my wife checking the messages every forty-five minutes calling the office saying. "Has Brad apologized yet? Is there an apology message on the machine?" I don't have jack-shit. You know what? That's not how you treat people. Brad: You gotta be a fucking pal... You know what, I'm gonna give you a fucking pass, just give me the case. Donnie Azoff: You're gonna give me a pass? Brad: Look, it's a figure of fucking speech, just give me the fucking... Donnie Azoff: Oh my God, the emperor of Fucksville came down from Fucksville to give me a pass! Hey, what are the citizens of Fucksville doing today when their emperor's gone? Is it, is it mayhem? Are people looting and raping? What are all the little fuckheads doing while you're here?

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Donnie Azoff: Jordan, it's fucking good, right? It's fucked up. [laughing hysterically] Jordan Belfort: GET OFF THE PHONE! GET OFF THE PHONE! FBI! [swipes at Donnie] Donnie Azoff: Hey! I'm on the phone!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Donnie Azoff: I got a couple of mil' comin' in like a week. And when it gets in, I'll give you a call and you come pick it up. Brad: You'll give me a call? Donnie Azoff: When it gets here, I'll give you a call and you'll come pick it up. Chantalle: Well, we don't work for you, man! Donnie Azoff: Sweetheart, you have my money taped to your tits. Technically, you do work for me.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: Donnie and I were going out on our own. And the first thing we needed was brokers. Guys with sales experience. So I recruited some of my home town boys. Sea Otter, who sold meat and weed. Chester, who sold tires and weed. And Robbie, who sold anything he can get his hands on, mostly weed. This is Brad, and Brad is the guy I really wanted. But he didn't go along with us. He was making so much money selling Quaaludes that he become the Quaalude King of Bayside.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: [when asked who is Captain Ahab] The book, motherfucker, the book!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: You wanna know what money sounds like? Go to a trading floor on Wall street. "Fuck this, shit that. Cunt, cock, asshole." I couldn't believe how these guys talked to each other! I was hooked in seconds. It was like mainlining adrenaline.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Naomi Lapaglia: I want a divorce. Jordan Belfort: What do you mean you want a divorce? What is that supposed to mean, you want a divorce? Naomi Lapaglia: Get off me! I want a divorce. Get off. Jordan Belfort: You just made love to me. What the fuck is wrong with you? Naomi Lapaglia: I don't love you anymore, Jordan! Jordan Belfort: Oh, you don't love me? You don't love me anymore, huh? Well isn't that just fucking convenient for you! Now that I'm under federal indictment with an electronic bracelet around my ankle, now you decide you don't fucking love me anymore. Is that right? Naomi Lapaglia: No, no. Jordan Belfort: What kind of person are you? Tell me. Naomi Lapaglia: You married me! Jordan Belfort: What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Naomi Lapaglia: Jordan, this is how it's gonna go. I'm gonna take custody of the kids. If you agree to the divorce right now, I will allow visitation. Okay? Don't try to fight it. Jordan Belfort: Oh my God. Naomi Lapaglia: It will save us both a lot of money and I got a feeling you're gonna need it. Jordan Belfort: You're not taking my kids, sweetheart. You hear me? Naomi Lapaglia: I've already talked to the lawyer. He said even if you don't get convicted I've got a good chance of getting them. Jordan Belfort: I got news for you. You're not fucking taking my children you vicious fucking cunt, you! [Naomi slaps Jordan and he slaps her back] Jordan Belfort: Fuck you! You fucking bitch! You're not fucking taking my goddamn fucking kids! You hear me? Fuck you! You're not fucking taking my fucking kids! Fucking whore. Naomi Lapaglia: [Sees Jordan snorting cocaine] Look at yourself, Jordan. You're sick! You're a sick man! Jordan Belfort: Fuck you! I told you, you're not taking my fucking kids. Naomi Lapaglia: You think I would let my kids near you? Look at yourself! You know what my lawyer said? My lawyer said that you're going to prison for 20 years, Jordan! Twenty fucking years! You're never gonna see the kids again! No, I'm not fucking letting you near my kids! Jordan Belfort: You don't think I'm gonna see my fucking kids again, huh?

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Naomi Lapaglia: Wake up, you piece of shit! Who's Venice? Jordan Belfort: Who? Naomi Lapaglia: Huh? Jordan Belfort: Who? Who? Naomi Lapaglia: Who? What are you, a fucking owl? Who is she? Some little hooker you were fucking last night? Jordan Belfort: What the fuck are you talking about? No. No way, baby, no! Naomi Lapaglia: You were calling her name in your sleep! Jordan Belfort: Are you out of your fucking mind? I don't even know who Venice is. What the fuck does that even mean? Venice. That's the stupidest shit I've ever heard in my fucking life! [after flashback of sex with Venice] Jordan Belfort: That's right. That's right, I forgot. Donnie and I were investing in a condominium complex in Venice. That's why all this confusion. Naomi Lapaglia: Oh, you're investing in Italy? Jordan Belfort: Not Italy. California, baby! Naomi Lapaglia: Oh, California? You're a lying piece of shit! Jordan Belfort: Duchess, baby, come on! Naomi Lapaglia: Don't you fucking Duchess me! Don't you Duchess me! Do you really think that I don't know what you're up to? You're a father now, Jordan. Jordan Belfort: Yeah! I know. Naomi Lapaglia: You're a father now. And you're still acting like an infant! [throws water in his face] Jordan Belfort: FUCK! GODDAMN IT! Baby, you know you got real anger issues. Naomi Lapaglia: Who is the one who flew in here at 3:00 in the morning on their stupid helicopter and woke up Skylar? That was you! Doesn't even matter to you! Does it even matter to you that I just had that driving range sodded with Bermuda grass, Jordan, and now you fucking wrecked it! Jordan Belfort: Oh, Bermuda grass. Naomi Lapaglia: No, you didn't research the whole thing and deal with the fucking golf course people! Jordan Belfort: Oh my God! You had to deal with the gold course people, too! What a Greek tragedy honey! Oh my God! You probably had to pay them in cash with your hands! What a fucking burden! And actually do some work besides swiping my fucking credit card all day, huh? Because I can't keep track of your professions, honey. Last month you were a wine connoisseur, now you're an aspiring landscape architect. Let me get that right. Naomi Lapaglia: Fuck you! Jordan Belfort: Don't fucking dare throw that fucking water at me. Don't you fucking dare.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Max Belfort: Jordy, one of these days the chickens are gonna come home to roost. Jordan Belfort: You're lookin' at me like I'm crazy. Max Belfort: Crazy? This is obscene! Jordan Belfort: [voice over] It was obscene, in the normal world. I mean, who the fuck wanted to live there?

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Naomi Lapaglia: Did you just cum? Jordan Belfort: Oh yeah. I just came. Did you? Did you cum? Naomi Lapaglia: No. Jordan Belfort: No? OK. I'm still hard. Just give me a second. Naomi Lapaglia: Sure.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Mark Hanna: So if you've got a client who bought stock at 8 and now it's at 16 and he's all fucking happy, he wants to cash in and liquidate, take his fucking money and run home, you don't let him do that... 'cause that would make it real.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ [last lines] Jordan Belfort: I'm not ashamed to admit it: my first time in prison, I was terrified. For a moment, I had forgotten I lived in a world where everything was for sale. Wouldn't you like to know how to sell it?

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: After 15 years in storage, the lemmons had developed a delayed fuse. It took 90 minutes for these fuckers to kick in but once they did, *pow.* And I had skipped the tingle phase and jumped straight to the drool phase. These little bastards were so strong I had discovered a whole new phase. The Cerebral Palsy phase.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Donnie Azoff: [peeing on his subpoena] Fuck you, U.S.A. Fuck you, U.S.A. Fuck you! Fuck you!

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Mark Hanna: Number one rule of Wall Street. Nobody - and I don't care if you're Warren Buffet or if you're Jimmy Buffet - nobody knows if a stock is going to go up, down, sideways or in circles. You know what a fugazi is? Jordan Belfort: Fugayzi, it's a fake. Mark Hanna: Fugayzi, fugazi. It's a whazy. It's a woozie. It's fairy dust. It doesn't exist. It's never landed. It is no matter. It's not on the elemental chart. It's not fucking real.

§The Wolf of Wall Street ¤ Jordan Belfort: Even though I own 85% of Steve Cocksucking Motherfucking Madden Shoes, the shares were in his fucking name!

§The Kid ¤ Title Card: A picture with a smile - and perhaps, a tear.

§The Kid ¤ A Tramp: Awkward ass.

§The Kid ¤ Written note: Please love and care for this orphan child.

§The Kid ¤ A Tramp: Put the quarter in the gas meter.

§The Kid ¤ Devil: Vamp him.

§The Father ¤ Anthony: I feel as if I'm losing my all leaves...

§The Father ¤ Anthony: I feel as if I'm losing all my leaves. The Woman: Your leaves? Anthony: Yeah. The Woman: What do you mean? Anthony: The branches and the wind and the rain. I don't know what's happening anymore. Do you know what's happening? [SNIFFLES] Anthony: All this business about the flat. I... I have nowhere to put my head down anymore. But I know my watch is on my wrist, that I do know. For the journey. If not, I... Don't know if I'll... be ready to, uh... To... To...

§The Father ¤ Anthony: Who exactly am I?

§The Father ¤ Anthony: Paris. They don't even speak English there.

§The Father ¤ Anthony: I don't need any help from anyone. And I'm not going to leave my flat. All I want is for everyone to fuck off. Having said that... it's been a great pleasure. Au revoir. Toodle-oo.

§The Father ¤ Anthony: Can I ask you a question? Laura: Yes. Anthony: Are you a nun? Laura: No. Anthony: Then why are you speaking to me as if I'm retarded?

§The Father ¤ The Woman: First... we'll get dressed, shall we? Anthony: Yes. The Woman: We'll get dressed, and then we'll go for a walk in the park, shall we? Anthony: Yes. The Woman: Good. The trees and all the leaves. Then we'll come back here, and we'll have something to eat. Anthony: Yes. The Woman: And then you can have your siesta, all right? Anthony: Yes. The Woman: And then if you're feeling on good form, we can go for another little walk in the park. ust the two of us. Anthony: Yeah. The Woman: Because it's such a lovely day. Anthony: Yeah. The Woman: It's sunny outside. And we have to go while it's sunny. We have to take that chance. Anthony: Yeah. The Woman: 'Cause it never lasts long when the weather's this good, does it? Anthony: No. The Woman: So... let's get dressed. Is that all right? Anthony: No. The Woman: Come on now. Anthony: No. The Woman: Come on, baby. It's all right. Come on... Shh. Easy now. Easy. You're going to feel all right in a minute, I promise you. Everything will be all right. [Music Playing and Leaves Rustling]

§The Father ¤ Anthony: I want my mummy.

§The Father ¤ Anthony: I am worried. It's very worrying. I mean... Losing all my things, everyone's just helping themselves, and... If this goes on much longer, um, I'll be stark naked. And, um, I... I won't be able to tell what time it is.

§The Father ¤ The Woman: I've brought you your medication. Anthony: Why don't you just fuck off with your medication?

§The Father ¤ Anthony: World is turning.

§The Father ¤ The Woman: First... we'll get dressed, shall we? Anthony: Yes. The Woman: We'll get dressed, and then we'll go for a walk in the park, shall we? Anthony: Yes. The Woman: Good. The trees and all the leaves. Then we'll come back here, and we'll have something to eat. And then you can have your siesta, all right? And then if you're feeling on good form, we can go for another little walk in the park. ust the two of us. Because it's such a lovely day. It's sunny outside. And we have to go while it's sunny. We have to take that chance. 'Cause it never lasts long when the weather's this good, does it? Anthony: No. The Woman: So... let's get dressed. Is that all right? Anthony: No. The Woman: Come on now. Anthony: No. The Woman: Come on, baby. It's all right. Come on... Shh. Easy now. Easy. You're going to feel all right in a minute, I promise you. Everything will be all right.

§The Father ¤ Anthony: There's something doesn't make sense about this. Doesn't make sense.

§The Father ¤ [repeated line] Anthony: They don't even speak English.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: The world's full of lonely people afraid to make the first move.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: You know, when you first hired me, my wife went out and bought one of your records. The one about the orphans? Dr. Don Shirley: Orphans? Tony Lip: Yeah. Cover had a bunch of kids sittin' around a campfire? Dr. Don Shirley: Orpheus. Tony Lip: ...Yeah. Dr. Don Shirley: Orpheus in the Underworld. It's based on a French opera. And those weren't children on the cover, those were demons in the bowels of Hell. Tony Lip: No shit! They must've been naughty kids!

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: You know, my father used to say, whatever you do, do it 100%. When you work, work. When you laugh, laugh. When you eat, eat like it's your last meal.

§Green Book ¤ Oleg: Being genius is not enough, it takes courage to change people's hearts.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: You never win with violence. You only win when you maintain your dignity.

§Green Book ¤ [last lines] Dolores: Hello. Dr. Don Shirley: You must be Dolores. Dolores: Welcome! Dr. Don Shirley: Buon natale. Thank you for sharing your husband with me. Dolores: [Whispering as they hug] Thank you for helping him with the letters.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: So if I'm not *black* enough and if I'm not *white* enough, and not *man* enough, then tell me, Tony, what am I?

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: Ain't they supposed to be following us? Dr. Don Shirley: They have the itinerary. As long as they get to the show on time, I'm not worried about it, and neither should you. Tony Lip: I ain't worried about nothin'... In fact, when you see me worried? You'll know. Dr. Don Shirley: Tony... Tony Lip: You'll know if I'm worried... Dr. Don Shirley: How 'bout some quiet time? Hmm? Tony Lip: [Shrugging] Sure. [Chuckles] Tony Lip: It's amazing you said that. "How 'bout some quiet time?" Dolores, my wife, used to say that all the time... Well, not all the time but, y'know, she says it when, when I come home from work sometime, you know, she been with the kids all day and she'll say, "Tony? How 'bout some quiet time?" Exactly like how you said it! I mean, it's amazing...

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: It's like what your friend the President said, "Ask not... Your country, what you could do for it. Ask what you do for yourself." Y'know?

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: [to Tony, dictating a letter for him to send to Dolores] Falling in love with you was the easiest thing I've ever done.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: You know, Doc, something's been eatin' at me this whole trip. Dr. Don Shirley: Hmm? Tony Lip: [Using a friend's nickname for Pittsburgh, from the reputed large endowments of its female residents] That Titsburgh was a major disappointment. I didn't notice any difference at all. Did you? Dr. Don Shirley: Good night, Tony.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: Yes, I live in a castle, Tony! Alone. And rich white people pay me to play piano for them because it makes them feel cultured. But as soon as I step off that stage, I go right back to being just another nigger to them. Because that is their true culture. And I suffer that slight alone, because I'm not accepted by my own people 'cause I'm not like them, either. So, if I'm not black enough and if I'm not white enough and if I'm not man enough, then tell me, Tony, what am I?

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: [clears throat] Could you put out the cigarette, please? Tony Lip: Why? Dr. Don Shirley: I can't breathe back here. Tony Lip: What are you talkin' about? Smoke's going down my lungs. I'm doin' all the work here.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: I dunno. Personally I think if you stuck to the classic stuff it would've been a big mistake. Dr. Don Shirley: A mistake? Performing the music I trained my entire life to play? Tony Lip: Trained? What are you, a seal? People love what you do! Anyone can sound like Beethoven or Joe Pan or them other guys you said. But your music, what you do? Only you can do that! Dr. Don Shirley: Thank you, Tony. But not everyone can play Chopin. Not like I can.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: Tony! I'm sorry about last night. Tony Lip: ...Don't worry 'bout it. I been working nightclubs in New York City my whole life. I know it's a... complicated world.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: Kentucky Fried Chicken! In Kentucky! When's that ever gonna happen!

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: You know, if this got out, it would kill your career. Dr. Don Shirley: OK Tony, I need you to stop it with the phony altruism and concern for my career. Tony Lip: The hell's that mean? Dr. Don Shirley: You were only thinking about yourself back there because you know if I miss a show it'd come out of your pocketbook. Tony Lip: Of course I don't want you to miss a show, you ungrateful bastard! You think I'm doing this for my health? Tonight I saved your ass! So show a little appreciation, maybe! Besides, I told you never to go nowhere without me! Dr. Don Shirley: ...I assumed you'd want this to be the exception.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: What's the big deal, Doc? Squirrels woulda ate it anyway! Dr. Don Shirley: Pick it up, Tony. Tony Lip: Nature takes care of the earth! Dr. Don Shirley: Pick it up!

§Green Book ¤ Louie Venere: I got to admit... Lip's letters? They're not bad. Rudy Vallelonga: Well, it's in the family. They say our great-great-great-grandfather helped Da Vinci with the Sixteen Chapel. Johnny Venere: You mean Michaelangelo. Rudy Vallelonga: ...Right. Johnny Venere: What does Michaelangelo have to do with writing letters? Rudy Vallelonga: I'm just sayin'. We're an arty family.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: What on God's green earth are you doing? Tony Lip: A letter. Dr. Don Shirley: Looks more like a piecemeal ransom note. May I? "Dear Dolores"... D-E-A-R. [taps paper] Dr. Don Shirley: This is an animal. "I'm meeting all the highly leading citizens of the town. People that use big words, all of them. But you know me, I get by. I'm a good bullshitter." Two Ts in bullshitter. "As I'm writing this letter, I'm eating potato chips, and I'm starting to get thirsty. I washed my socks and dried them on the TV. I should have... brung... the iron..." You know this is pathetic, right?

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: I am not a medical doctor. I'm a musician. I'm about to embark on a concert tour in the Deep South. What other experience do you have? Tony Lip: [Thinking of how to best describe his job a a bouncer] Public relations.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: So where did this "Tony the Lip" moniker come from? Tony Lip: [laughs] It's not "Tony the Lip", it's "Tony Lip". One word. I got it when I was a kid 'cause my friends said I was the best bullshit artist in the Bronx. [Chuckles] Dr. Don Shirley: [Horrified] Why are you smiling? Tony Lip: What do you mean? Dr. Don Shirley: It doesn't bother you that your friends - the people closest to you - consider you a liar? Tony Lip: Who said liar? I said bullshit artist! Dr. Don Shirley: And what's the difference? Tony Lip: 'Cause I don't lie! Ever! I'm just good at talkin' people into... y'know, doin' things they don't wanna do... By bullshittin' 'em. [Grins] Dr. Don Shirley: And you're proud of that? Tony Lip: Well, it got me this job.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: [Surveying the snow] This could get bad, Doc. Dr. Don Shirley: Yes. It's a shame we don't have something to protect us on our journey. Oh, I know. Why don't you put your lucky rock up on the dash, Tony? Come on, Tony, we need all the help we can get. [Tony puts the stone on the dash] Dr. Don Shirley: Thank you. I feel safer already. Tony Lip: You're a real prick, you know that?

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: [Eating KFC in Kentucky] Mmm. I think this is the best Kentucky Fried Chicken I ever had. But I guess it's fresher down here, right?

§Green Book ¤ Johnny Venere: He had a great job at the Sanitation Department. You shouldn't have punched out the foreman. Tony Lip: He shouldn't have woke me up!

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: You speak German, huh? Dr. Don Shirley: That was Russian. Tony Lip: Yeah, I was stationed in Germany in the army. I could pick up a little bit of what you were saying there...

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: I don't make the rules down here. Dr. Don Shirley: No? Then who does? Tony Lip: You're saying just 'cause I'm white and they're white? You know, that's a very prejudiced thing you just said there. A very prejudiced thing. I got more in common with the Hymies at 2nd Avenue Deli than I do with these hillbilly pricks down here.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: Tony, are you hungry? Tony Lip: Does Betty like Butta? Er?

§Green Book ¤ Orange Bird Bartender: You a cop? Tony Lip: Do I look Irish?

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: [Writing a letter to his wife] Dear Dolores, how are you? I am fine. I'm eating real good. Hamburgers mostly. So don't worry about me not eating good. I saw Dr. Shirley play the piano tonight. He don't play like a colored guy. He plays like Liberace, but better. He's like a genius, I think. When I look at him in the rear-view mirror, I can tell he's always thinking about stuff in his head. I guess that's what geniuses do. But it don't look fun to be that smart. I miss you very, very much.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: Ahh that was a good time. I'd do that once a month for free.

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: [Tony offers him a fried chicken] Come on. Dr. Don Shirley: I told you not to get grease on my blanket. Tony Lip: [mockingly] Oooh, I'm going to get grease on my blanket.

§Green Book ¤ Gorman: The bet's simple. Half a C-note. Most hot dogs in an hour wins. Fat Paulie: With toppings. Tony Lip: The hell you weigh? Fat Paulie: 260. Johnny Venere: Hey... your left ass weighs 260. Fat Paulie: May my mother-in-law drop dead on the spot if I'm lying.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: [to Dr. Shirley] Come meet my family!

§Green Book ¤ Dolores: You hungry? Tony Lip: I'm starvin'!

§Green Book ¤ Johnny Venere: [Breaking the silence] C'mon. Make some room. Get this man a plate.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: [stopping at a run down motel] This place looks like my ass!

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: Hey, Gorman. What's the record here for hot dogs? Gorman: Eighteen. Fat Paulie. Johnny Venere: Why wasn't Lip in on that contest? Fat Paulie: What contest? I was hungry.

§Green Book ¤ Tony Lip: Christ, I'm blacker than you are. Dr. Don Shirley: Excuse me? Tony Lip: You don't know shit about your own people. What they eat, how they talk, how they live. You don't even know who Little Richard is. Dr. Don Shirley: Oh, so knowing who Little Richard is makes you blacker than me? Tony Lip: [nods]

§Green Book ¤ Dr. Don Shirley: And make sure there is a bottle of Cutty Sark in my room every night. Tony Lip: A whole bottle? [laughs after Dr, Shirley nods] Tony Lip: You know, if you need any help with that... Dr. Don Shirley: I won't.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Fasten your seatbelts, it's going to be a bumpy night!

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Nice speech, Eve. But I wouldn't worry too much about your heart. You can always put that award where your heart ought to be.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty-two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Birdie, you don't like Eve, do you? Birdie: You looking for an answer or an argument? Margo: An answer. Birdie: No. Margo: Why not? Birdie: Now you want an argument.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice normal woman who just shoots her husband.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Funny business, a woman's career - the things you drop on your way up the ladder so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you get back to being a woman. That's one career all females have in common, whether we like it or not: being a woman. Sooner or later, we've got to work at it, no matter how many other careers we've had or wanted. And in the last analysis, nothing's any good unless you can look up just before dinner or turn around in bed, and there he is. Without that, you're not a woman. You're something with a French provincial office or a book full of clippings, but you're not a woman. Slow curtain, the end.

§All About Eve ¤ Birdie: What a story! Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end.

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: [voiceover] Margo Channing is a star of the theater. She made her first stage appearance at the age of four in Midsummer Night's Dream. She played a fairy and entered, quite unexpectedly, stark naked. She has been a star ever since. Margo is a great star, a true star. She never was or will be anything less or anything else.

§All About Eve ¤ [a butler passes by] Miss Casswell: Oh, waiter! Addison DeWitt: That is not a waiter, my dear, that is a butler. Miss Casswell: Well, I can't yell "Oh butler!" can I? Maybe somebody's name is Butler. Addison DeWitt: You have a point. An idiotic one, but a point. Miss Casswell: I don't want to make trouble. All I want is a drink. Max Fabian: Leave it to me. I'll get you one. Miss Casswell: Thank you, Mr. Fabian. Addison DeWitt: Well done! I can see your career rise in the east like the sun.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: So many people know me. I wish I did. I wish someone would tell me about me. Karen: You're Margo, just Margo. Margo: And what is that, besides something spelled out in light bulbs, I mean - besides something called a temperament, which consists mostly of swooping about on a broomstick and screaming at the top of my voice? Infants behave the way I do, you know. They carry on and misbehave - they'd get drunk if they knew how - when they can't have what they want, when they feel unwanted or insecure or unloved.

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: That I should want you at all, suddenly strikes me as the height of improbability. But that, in itself, is probably the reason. You're an improbable person, Eve, and so am I. We have that in common. Also, our contempt for humanity and inability to love, and be loved, insatiable ambition, and talent. We deserve each other.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: I'll admit I may have seen better days, but I'm still not to be had for the price of a cocktail, like a salted peanut.

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: The theatre. The theatre. What book of rules say the theatre exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City? Or London? Paris or Vienna? Listen, Junior, and learn. Do you wanna know what the theatre is? A flea circus. Also opera. Also rodeos, carnivals, ballets, Indian tribal dances, Punch and Judy, a one-man band, all theatre. Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience, there's theatre. Donald Duck, Ibsen and The Lone Ranger. Sarah Bernhardt and Poodles Hanneford. Lunt and Fontanne, Betty Grable. Rex the Wild Horse, Eleonora Duse, all theatre. You don't understand them all. You don't like them all. Why should you? The theatre's for everybody, you included, but not exclusively. So, don't approve or disapprove. It may not be your theatre, but it's theatre for somebody, somewhere.

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: And what's your name? Phoebe: Phoebe. Addison DeWitt: Phoebe? Phoebe: I call myself Phoebe. Addison DeWitt: And why not? Tell me, Phoebe, do you want someday to have an award like that of your own? Phoebe: More than anything else in the world. Addison DeWitt: Then you must ask Miss Harrington how to get one. Miss Harrington knows all about it.

§All About Eve ¤ Lloyd Richards: That bitter cynicism of yours is something you've acquired since you left Radcliffe! Karen: The cynicism you refer to, I acquired the day I discovered I was different from little boys!

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: [voiceover intro] To those of you who do not read, attend the theater, listen to unsponsored radio programs, or know anything of the world in which you live, it is perhaps necessary to introduce myself. My name is Addison DeWitt. My native habitat is the theater. In it, I toil not, neither do I spin. I am a critic and commentator. I am essential to the theater.

§All About Eve ¤ Eve: If there's nothing else, there's applause. I've listened backstage to people applaud. It's like - like waves of love coming over the footlights and wrapping you up. Imagine, to know every night that different hundreds of people love you. They smile, their eyes shine, you've pleased them. They want you. You belong. Just that alone is worth anything.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: I detest cheap sentiment.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: You bought the new girdles a size smaller, I can feel it. Birdie: Something maybe grew a size larger. Margo: When we get home you're going to get into one of those girdles and act for two and a half hours. Birdie: I couldn't get into the girdle in two and a half hours.

§All About Eve ¤ Birdie: The bed looks like a dead animal act.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: As it happens, there are particular aspects of my life to which I would like to maintain sole and exclusive rights and privileges. Bill Sampson: For instance what? Margo: For instance: you!

§All About Eve ¤ Miss Casswell: Tell me this, do they have auditions for television? Addison DeWitt: That's, uh, all television is, my dear, nothing but auditions.

§All About Eve ¤ [on theatrical producers] Miss Casswell: Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits?

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: You could sleep now, couldn't you? Eve: Why not? Addison DeWitt: The mark of a true killer: sleep tight, rest easy, and come out fighting.

§All About Eve ¤ Lloyd Richards: I shall never understand the weird process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself as a mind. Just when exactly does an actress decide they're HER words she's saying, and HER thoughts she's expressing? Margo: Usually at the point where she has to rewrite and rethink them, to keep the audience from leaving the theatre!

§All About Eve ¤ Lloyd Richards: How about calling it a night? Margo: And you pose as a playwright? A situation pregnant with possibilities and all you can think of is everybody go to sleep.

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: Why not read my column to pass the time? The minutes will fly like hours.

§All About Eve ¤ Birdie: There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know she ordered domestic gin by mistake? Margo: The only thing I ordered by mistake is the guests. They're domestic, too, and they don't care what they drink as long as it burns!

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: This is my cue to take you in my arms and reassure you. But I'm not going to - I'm too mad. Margo: Guilty! Bill Sampson: Mad! Darling, there are certain characteristics for which you are famous, on stage and off. I love you for some of them, in spite of others. I haven't let those become too important. They're part of your equipment for getting along in what is laughingly called our environment. You have to keep your teeth sharp - all right - but I will not have you sharpen them on me, or on Eve! Margo: What about her teeth? What about her fangs? Bill Sampson: She hasn't cut them yet, and you know it! So when you start judging an idealistic, dreamy-eyed kid by the barroom Benzedrine standards of this megalomaniac society, I won't have it! Eve Harrington has never, by word, look, thought, or suggestion indicated anything to me but her adoration for you and her happiness at our being in love. And to intimate anything else doesn't spell jealousy to me - it spells a paranoiac insecurity that you should be ashamed of! Margo: Cut! Print it! What happens in the next reel? Do I get dragged off screaming to the snake pits?

§All About Eve ¤ Lloyd Richards: A Hollywood movie star just arrived. Margo: Shucks, and I sent my autograph book to the cleaner.

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: There never was, and there never will be, another like you.

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: Have you no human consideration? Margo: Show me a human, and I might have!

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: We have to go to City Hall for the marriage license and blood test. Margo: I'd marry you if it turned out you had no blood at all.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Heaven help me. I love a psychotic!

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: Outside of a beehive, Margo, your behavior would not be considered either queenly or motherly. Margo: You are in a beehive, pal. Didn't you know? We are all busy little bees, full of stings, making honey day and night. Aren't we honey?

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: [in front of her boyfriend, Bill] I love you, Max. I really mean it. I love you. Come to the pantry. [she leaves] Max Fabian: [to Bill] She loves me like a father. Also, she's loaded.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Thank you, Eve. I'd like a martini, very dry. Bill Sampson: I'll get it. [to Eve] Bill Sampson: What'll you have? Margo: A milkshake? Eve: A martini, very dry, please.

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: What do you take me for? Eve: I don't know that I'd take you for anything. Addison DeWitt: Is it possible, even conceivable, that you've confused me with that gang of backward children you play tricks on, that you have the same contempt for me as you have for them? Eve: I'm sure you mean something by that, Addison, but I don't know what. Addison DeWitt: Look closely, Eve. It's time you did. I am Addison DeWitt. I am nobody's fool, least of all yours. Eve: I never intended you to be. Addison DeWitt: Yes you did, and you still do. Eve: I still don't know what you're getting at, but right now I want to take my nap. It's important... Addison DeWitt: It's important right now that we talk, killer to killer. Eve: Champion to champion. Addison DeWitt: Not with me, you're no champion. You're stepping way up in class. Eve: Addison, will you please say what you have to say, plainly and distinctly, and then get out, so I can take my nap? Addison DeWitt: Very well - plainly and distinctly - though I consider it unnecessary because you know as well as I do what I'm going to say: Lloyd may leave Karen, but he will not leave Karen for you. Eve: What do you mean by that? Addison DeWitt: More plainly and more distinctly: I have not come to New Haven to see the play, discuss your dreams, or pull the ivy from the walls of Yale. I have come here to tell you that you will not marry Lloyd, or anyone else for that matter, because I will not permit it. Eve: What have you got to do with it? Addison DeWitt: Everything, because after tonight, you will belong to me. Eve: Belong? To you? I can't believe my ears! Addison DeWitt: What a dull cliché. Eve: Belong to you - why, that sounds medieval, something out of an old melodrama! Addison DeWitt: So does the history of the world for the past twenty years. I don't enjoy putting it as bluntly as this. Frankly, I'd hoped that somehow you would have known, that you would have taken it for granted that you and I... Eve: Taken it for granted that you and I... [laughs] Addison DeWitt: [slaps her] Now, remember, as long as you live, never to laugh at me - at anything or anyone else, but never at me. Eve: [walks to the door and opens it] Get out! Addison DeWitt: You're too short for that gesture. Besides, it went out with Mrs. Fiske.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: I'm being rude now, aren't I? Or should I say, ain't I? Addison DeWitt: You're maudlin and full of self-pity. You're magnificent!

§All About Eve ¤ [Bill is saying goodbye to Birdie as he departs for Hollywood] Bill Sampson: Any messages? What do you want me to tell Tyrone Power? Birdie: Just give him my phone number; I'll tell him myself.

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: Don't cry. Just score it as an incomplete forward pass.

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: You know, there isn't a playwright in the world who could make me believe this would happen between two adult people. Goodbye, Margo. Margo: Bill? Where are you going? To find Eve? Bill Sampson: That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.

§All About Eve ¤ Addison DeWitt: Too bad, we're gonna miss the third act. They're gonna play it offstage.

§All About Eve ¤ Lloyd Richards: The general atmosphere is very Macbethish. What has or is about to happen?

§All About Eve ¤ Bill Sampson: Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience, there's theatre.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: [to Bill] You be the host. It's your party. Happy birthday, welcome home, and we who are about to die salute you.

§All About Eve ¤ [Margo is getting drunk at the party] Bill Sampson: Many of your guests have been wondering when they may be permitted to view the body. Where has it been laid out? Margo: It hasn't been laid out, we haven't finished with the embalming. As a matter of fact, you're looking at it - the remains of Margo Channing, sitting up. It is my last wish to be buried sitting up.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Peace and quiet is for libraries!

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: Margo Channing is ageless - spoken like a press agent. Lloyd Richards: I know what I'm talking about. After all, they're my plays. Margo: Spoken like an author. Lloyd, I'm not twenty-ish, I'm not thirty-ish. Three months ago I was forty years old. Forty. Four O. That slipped out. I hadn't quite made up my mind to admit it. Now I suddenly feel as if I've taken all my clothes off.

§All About Eve ¤ Margo: I distinctly remember, Addison, crossing you off of my guest list. What are you doing here? Addison DeWitt: Dear Margo, you were an unforgettable Peter Pan. You must play it again, soon. You remember Miss Casswell. Margo: I do not. How do you do? Miss Casswell: We've never met. Maybe that's why? Addison DeWitt: Miss Casswell is an actress, a graduate of the Copacabana school of the dramatic arts. [Eve enters] Addison DeWitt: Ah, Eve. Eve: Good evening, Mr. DeWitt. Margo: I'd no idea you two knew each other. Addison DeWitt: This must be at long last our formal introduction. Until now, we've only met in passing. Miss Casswell: That's how you met me... in passing. Margo: Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. DeWitt's mother. Miss Casswell, Miss Harrington. Eve: Miss Casswell. Miss Casswell: How do you do? Margo: Addison, I've been waiting for you to meet Eve for the longest time. Addison DeWitt: It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it. Margo: You've heard of her great interest in the theater. Addison DeWitt: We have that in common. Margo: Then you two must have a long talk. Eve: I'm afraid Mr. DeWitt would find me boring before too long. Miss Casswell: You won't bore him, honey. You won't even get a chance to talk. Addison DeWitt: Claudia, come here. [takes her aside] Addison DeWitt: You see that man, that's Max Fabian, the producer. Now, go do yourself some good. Miss Casswell: Why do they always look like unhappy rabbits? Addison DeWitt: Because that's what they are. [taking her coat] Addison DeWitt: Now, go and make him happy. [goes back to Margo and drapes the coat over her arm] Addison DeWitt: Now, don't worry about your little charge, she'll be in safe hands. [walks off with Eve] Margo: [watches them go, then lifts her martini] Ah-men.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ [last lines] Ernst Janning: Judge Haywood... the reason I asked you to come: Those people, those millions of people... I never knew it would come to that. You *must* believe it, *You must* believe it! Judge Dan Haywood: Herr Janning, it "came to that" the *first time* you sentenced a man to death you *knew* to be innocent.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Ernst Janning: There was a fever over the land. A fever of disgrace, of indignity, of hunger. We had a democracy, yes, but it was torn by elements within. Above all, there was fear. Fear of today, fear of tomorrow, fear of our neighbors, and fear of ourselves. Only when you understand that - can you understand what Hitler meant to us. Because he said to us: 'Lift your heads! Be proud to be German! There are devils among us. Communists, Liberals, Jews, Gypsies! Once these devils will be destroyed, your misery will be destroyed.' It was the old, old story of the sacrificial lamb. What about those of us who knew better? We who knew the words were lies and worse than lies? Why did we sit silent? Why did we take part? Because we loved our country! What difference does it make if a few political extremists lose their rights? What difference does it make if a few racial minorities lose their rights? It is only a passing phase. It is only a stage we are going through. It will be discarded sooner or later. Hitler himself will be discarded... sooner or later. The country is in danger. We will march out of the shadows. We will go forward. Forward is the great password. And history tells how well we succeeded, your honor. We succeeded beyond our wildest dreams. The very elements of hate and power about Hitler that mesmerized Germany, mesmerized the world! We found ourselves with sudden powerful allies. Things that had been denied to us as a democracy were open to us now. The world said 'go ahead, take it, take it! Take Sudetenland, take the Rhineland - remilitarize it - take all of Austria, take it! And then one day we looked around and found that we were in an even more terrible danger. The ritual began in this courtroom swept over the land like a raging, roaring disease. What was going to be a passing phase had become the way of life. Your honor, I was content to sit silent during this trial. I was content to tend my roses. I was even content to let counsel try to save my name, until I realized that in order to save it, he would have to raise the specter again. You have seen him do it - he has done it here in this courtroom. He has suggested that the Third Reich worked for the benefit of people. He has suggested that we sterilized men for the welfare of the country. He has suggested that perhaps the old Jew did sleep with the sixteen year old girl, after all. Once more it is being done for love of country. It is not easy to tell the truth; but if there is to be any salvation for Germany, we who know our guilt must admit it... whatever the pain and humiliation.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: Janning, to be sure, is a tragic figure. We believe he *loathed* the evil he did. But compassion for the present torture of his soul must not beget forgetfulness of the torture and death of millions by the government of which he was a part. Janning's record and his fate illuminate the most shattering truth that has emerged from this trial. If he and the other defendants were all depraved perverts - if the leaders of the Third Reich were sadistic monsters and maniacs - these events would have no more moral significance than an earthquake or other natural catastrophes. But this trial has shown that under the stress of a national crisis, men - even able and extraordinary men - can delude themselves into the commission of crimes and atrocities so vast and heinous as to stagger the imagination. No one who has sat through this trial can ever forget. The sterilization of men because of their political beliefs... The murder of children... How *easily* that can happen! There are those in our country today, too, who speak of the "protection" of the country. Of "survival". The answer to that is: *survival as what*? A country isn't a rock. And it isn't an extension of one's self. *It's what it stands for, when standing for something is the most difficult!* Before the people of the world - let it now be noted in our decision here that this is what *we* stand for: *justice, truth... and the value of a single human being!*

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hans Rolfe: Your Honor, it is my duty to defend Ernst Janning, and yet Ernst Janning has said he is guilty. There's no doubt, he feels his guilt. He made a great error in going along with the Nazi movement, hoping it would be good for his country. But, if he is to be found guilty, there are others who also went along, who also must be found guilty. Ernst Janning said, "We succeeded beyond our wildest dreams." Why did we succeed, Your Honor? What about the rest of the world? Did it not know the intentions of the Third Reich? Did it not hear the words of Hitler's broadcast all over the world? Did it not read his intentions in Mein Kampf, published in every corner of the world? Where's the responsibility of the Soviet Union, who signed in 1939 the pact with Hitler, enabled him to make war? Are we not to find Russia guilty? Where's the responsibility of the Vatican, who signed in 1933 the Concordat with Hitler, giving him his first tremendous prestige? Are we not to find the Vatican guilty? Where's the responsibility of the world leader, Winston Churchill, who said in an open letter to the London Times in 1938 - 1938! Your Honor - "were England to suffer national disaster should pray to God to send a man of the strength of mind and will of an Adolf Hitler!" Are we not to find Winston Churchill guilty? Where is the responsibility of those American industrialists, who helped Hitler to rebuild his armaments and profited by that rebuilding? Are we not to find the American industrialists guilty? No, Your Honor. No! Germany alone is not guilty: The whole world is as responsible for Hitler's Germany. It is an easy thing to condemn one man in the dock. It is easy to condemn the German people to speak of the basic flaw in the German character that allowed Hitler to rise to power and at the same time positively ignore the basic flaw of character that made the Russians sign pacts with him, Winston Churchill praise him, American industrialists profit by him! Ernst Janning said he is guilty. If he is, Ernst Janning's guilt is the world's guilt - no more and no less.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hans Rolfe: I'll make you a wager... Judge Dan Haywood: I don't make wagers. Hans Rolfe: [chuckles] A gentleman's wager... in five years, the men you sentenced to life imprisonment will be free. Judge Dan Haywood: Herr Rolfe, I have admired your work in the court for many months. You are particularly brilliant in your use of logic... [Rolfe nods with an appreciative smile] Judge Dan Haywood: -so, what you suggest may very well happen. It *is* logical, in view of the times in which we live. *But to be logical is not to be right*, and *nothing* on God's earth could ever *make it* right! [Rolfe wipes the smile from his face]

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Capt. Harrison Byers: [during a tour of spacious judges' quarters] I trust you'll be comfortable in this room, sir. Judge Dan Haywood: Captain, I have no doubt that the entire state of Maine would be comfortable in this room!

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Ernst Janning: We have fallen on happy times, Herr Hahn. In old times it would have made your day if I'd deigned to say good morning to you. Now that we are here in this place together... you feel obliged to tell me what to do with my life... Listen to me, Herr Hahn, there have been terrible things that have happened to me in my life. But the worst thing that has ever happened... is to find myself in the company of men like you.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: Herr Janning, you may proceed. Ernst Janning: I wish to testify about the Feldenstein case because it was the most significant trial of the period. It is important not only for the tribunal to understand it, but for the whole German people. But in order to understand it, one must understand the period in which it happened. There was a fever over the land, a fever of disgrace, of indignity, of hunger. We had a democracy, yes, but it was torn by elements within. Above all there was fear, fear of today, fear of tomorrow, fear of our neighbors, and fear of ourselves. Only when you understand that can you understand what Hitler meant to us, because he said to us: "Lift your heads. Be proud to be German. There are devils among us, communists, liberals, Jews, gypsies. Once these devils will be destroyed your misery will be destroyed." It was the old, old story of the sacrificial lamb. What about those of us who knew better, we who knew the words were lies and worse than lies? Why did we sit silent? Why did we take part? Because we loved our country. What difference does it make if a few political extremists lose their rights? What difference does it make if a few racial minorities lose their rights? It is only a passing phase. It is only a stage we are going through. It will be discarded sooner or later. Hitler himself will be discarded - sooner or later. The country is in danger. We will march out of the shadows! We will go forward. FORWARD is the great password. And history tells how well we succeeded, Your Honor. We succeeded beyond out wildest dreams. The very elements of hate and power about Hitler that mesmerized Germany, mesmerized the world. We found ourselves with sudden powerful allies. Things that had been denied to us as a democracy were open to us now. The world said, "Go ahead. Take it. Take it! Take Sudetenland! Take the Rhineland! Re-militarize it! Take all of Austria! Take it!" And then, one day we looked around and found that we were in an even more terrible danger. The ritual begun in this courtroom swept over the land like a raging, roaring disease. What was going to be a "passing phase" had become the way of life. Your Honor, I was content to sit silent during this trial. I was content to tend my roses. I was even content to let counsel try to save my name, until I realized that in order to save it, he would have to raise the specter again. You have seen him do it. He has done it, here, in this courtroom. He has suggested that the Third Reich worked for the benefit of people. He has suggested that we sterilized men for the welfare of the country. He has suggested that perhaps the old Jew did sleep with the 16 year old girl after all. Once more, it is being done - for love of country. It is not easy to tell the truth. But if there is to be any salvation for Germany, we who know our guilt must admit it - whatever the pain and humiliation. I had reached my verdict on the Feldenstein case before I ever came into the courtroom. I would have found him guilty, whatever the evidence. It was not a trial at all. It was a sacrificial ritual in which Feldenstein, the Jew, was the helpless victim. Hans Rolfe: Your Honor, I must interrupt. The defendant is not aware of what he's saying. He's not aware of the implications! Ernst Janning: I am aware. I am aware! My counsel would have you believe we were not aware of the concentration camps. Not aware. Where were we? Where were we when Hitler began shrieking his hate in Reichstag? Where were we when our neighbors were being dragged out in the middle of the night to Dachau? Where were we when every village in Germany has a railroad terminal where cattle cars were filled with children being carried out to their extermination! Where were we when they cried out in the night to us. Deaf, dumb, blind! Hans Rolfe: Your Honor, I must protest! Ernst Janning: My counsel says we were not aware of the extermination of the millions. He would give you the excuse: We were only aware of the extermination of the hundreds. Does that make us any the less guilty? Maybe we didn't know the details. But if we didn't know, it was because we didn't want to know. Emil Hahn: Traitor! Traitor! Judge Dan Haywood: Order! Order! Order! Put that man back in his seat and keep him there. Ernst Janning: I am going to tell them the truth. I am going to tell them the truth if the whole world conspires against it. I am going to tell them the truth about their Ministry of Justice. Werner Lammpe, an old man who cries into his Bible now, an old man who profited by the property expropriation of every man he sent to a concentration camp. Friedrich Hofstetter, the "good German" who knew how to take orders, who sent men before him to be sterilized like so many digits. Emil Hahn, the decayed, corrupt bigot, obsessed by the evil within himself. And Ernst Janning, worse than any of them because he knew what they were, and he went along with them. Ernst Janning: Who made his life excrement, because he walked with them.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: We must forget if we want to go on living.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: One thing about Americans, we're not cut out to be occupiers. We're new at it and not very good at it.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Emil Hahn: Today, you sentence me! Tomorrow, the Bolsheviks sentence you!

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Emil Hahn: [During dinner in the prison mess hall] How dare they show us those films, how dare they? We are not executioners, we are judges! Werner Lampe: You do not think it was like that, do you? There were executions, yes, but nothing like that, nothing at all! [Turning to a man at the table behind him] Werner Lampe: Pohl! Pohl, you were at those concentration camps, you and Eichmann. They say we killed millions of people. *Millions* of people! How could it be possible? Tell them, how could it be possible? Pohl: [In a matter of fact tone] It's possible. Werner Lampe: How? Pohl: You mean technically? It all depends on your facilities. Say you have two chambers that accommodate two thousand people apiece. Figure it out. It's possible to get rid of ten thousand in a half hour. You don't even need knives to do it. You can tell them that they are going to take a shower, and then instead of the water, you turn on the gas. It's not the killing that is the problem, it's disposing of the bodies. That's the problem.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: I saw Mr. Perkins today. He told me they'd showed those pictures in the courtroom. Col. Lawson's favorite pictures. He drags them out at any pretext, doesn't he? Col. Lawson's private chamber of horrors. Is that what you think we are? Do you think we knew of those things? Do you think we wanted to murder women and children? Do you believe that? Do you? Judge Dan Haywood: Mrs. Bertholt, I don't know what to believe. Mrs. Bertholt: Good God. We're sitting here drinking. How could you think that we knew? We did not know. We did not know! Judge Dan Haywood: As far as I can make out, no one in this country knew.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: [drunkenly] We're fair Americans and true-blue. We mustn't do anything that's out of order. No, sir. We can't do anything that's out of order. There are no Nazis in Germany. Didn't you know that, Judge? The Eskimos invaded Germany and took over. That's how all those terrible things happened. It wasn't the fault of the Germans. It was the fault of those damn Eskimos!

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: The principle of criminal law in every civilized society has this in common: Any person who sways another to commit murder, any person who furnishes the lethal weapon for the purpose of the crime, any person who is an accessory to the crime - is guilty.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hans Rolfe: The statement: "My country, right or wrong" was expressed by a great American patriot. It is no less true for a German patriot.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: Just for laughs, Matt, what was the war all about? What was it about?

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: They distorted, they perverted, they destroyed justice and law in Germany. Now, this in itself is undoubtedly a great crime. But the prosecution is not calling the defendants to account for violating constitutional guarantees or withholding due process of law. The prosecution is calling them to account for murder, brutalities, torture, atrocities. They share with all the leaders of the Third Reich responsibility for the most malignant, the most calculated, the most devastating crimes in the history of all mankind. And they are perhaps more guilty than some of the others. For they had attained maturity long before Hitler's rise to power. Their minds weren't warped at an early age by Nazi teachings. They embraced the ideologies of the Third Reich as educated adults, when they, most of all, should have valued justice. Here they'll receive the justice they denied others.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: The case is unusual in that the defendants are charged with crimes committed in the name of the law. These men, together with their deceased or fugitive colleagues, are the embodiment of what passed for justice during the Third Reich. The defendants served as judges during the period of the Third Reich. Therefore, you, Your Honors, as judges on the bench will be sitting in judgment of judges in the dock. And this is as it should be. For only a judge knows how much more a court is than a courtroom. It is a process and a spirit. It is the house of law. The defendants knew this, too. They knew courtrooms well.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hans Rolfe: Should Ernst Janning have carried out the laws of his country? Or should he have refused to carry them out and become a traitor? This is the crux of the issue at the bottom of this trial. The defense is as dedicated to finding responsibility as is the prosecution. For it is not only Ernst Janning who is on trial here, it is the German people.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: Men like Janning, my husband and I, we hated Hitler. I want you to know that. And he hated us. He hated my husband because he was a real war hero - and the little corporal couldn't tolerate that. And he hated him because he married into nobility, which was my family. Hitler was in awe of the nobility, but he hated it. That's why it's so ironic, what happened.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: When I was a child, we used to go for long rides into the country in summertime. But I was never allowed to run to the lemonade stand with the others. I was told, "Control your thirst. Control hunger. Control emotion." It has served me well.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hugo Wallner: It is easy for you to say go. After the trial you will go back to America, but we must stay and live with these people.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: One can't live with hate, I know that. Dan, we have to forget, if we are to go on living.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hans Rolfe: I want to call a halt to these proceedings. If we allow them to discredit every German like you, we lose the right to rule ourselves forever. We have to look at the future. We can't look back now.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: You see, I have a mission with the Americans, as Mr. Perkins can tell you. Judge Dan Haywood: Oh, what is that? Mrs. Bertholt: To convince you that we're not all monsters.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: What was the Feldenstein case? Dr. Heinrich Geuter: The case of a man accused of racial pollution. Col. Tad Lawson: Will you explain what is meant by "racial pollution"? Dr. Heinrich Geuter: This is the charge that is referred to in the Nuremberg Laws. It says that any non-Aryan having sexual relations with an Aryan may be punished by death.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Irene Hoffman: *Why* do you not let me speak the truth? Hans Rolfe: That's what we want, Mrs. Wallner. The truth. The truth!

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Emil Hahn: Germany was fighting for its life. Certain measures were needed to protect it from its enemies. I cannot say that I am sorry we applied those measures. We were a bulwark against Bolshevism. We were a pillar of Western culture. A bulwark and a pillar the West may yet wish to retain.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: You know, there's one thing about Americans. We're not cut out to be occupiers. We're new at it. We're not very good at it. We - we - we come over here, and what do we see? We see this beautiful country. It is beautiful. It's very beautiful. We see the culture that goes back for hundreds of years. We see its 'gemutlich' charm and the charm of people like Mrs. Bertholt. We've got a built-in inferiority complex. We forgive and forget easy. We give the other guy the benefit of the doubt. That's the American way. [chuckles] Col. Tad Lawson: We beat the greatest war machine since Alexander the Great. And now the boy scouts take over. Judge Curtiss Ives: The trouble with you, Colonel, is you'd like to indict the whole country. That might be emotionally satisfying to you, but it wouldn't be exactly practical, and hardly fair. Col. Tad Lawson: Hardly fair?

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: All I've heard is a lot of legalistic double-talk and rationalization. You know, Curtiss, when I first became a judge, I knew there were certain people in town I wasn't supposed to touch. I knew that if I was to remain a judge, this was so. But how in God's name do you expect me to look the other way at the murder of six million people?

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ [first lines] Judge Dan Haywood: I didn't know it was so bad.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: Let's face it. Hitler is gone, Goebbels is gone. Goering is gone. Committed suicide before they could hang him. Now we're down to the business of judging the doctors, businessmen and judges. Some people think they shouldn't be judged at all. Sen. Burkette: So? Judge Dan Haywood: So it makes for a hell of a lack of candidates for the job. You had to beat the backwoods of Maine to come up with a hick like me.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Capt. Harrison Byers: I thought if anybody was going to indoctrinate her, it might as well be me.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Col. Tad Lawson: Mrs. Bertholt doesn't hold a burning passion for me. I prosecuted her husband.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Curtiss Ives: As a matter of fact, Dan, I've been wondering how you stand. Judge Dan Haywood: I'll clarify that for you, Curtiss. I'm a rock-ribbed Republican - who thought that Franklin Roosevelt was a great man. Judge Curtiss Ives: Oh, one of those.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: I was taught discipline. A very special kind of discipline.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: You elect judges in the United States? Judge Dan Haywood: Yes, in some states. Mrs. Bertholt: I didn't know that. Judge Dan Haywood: Well, it's either one of the virtues or one of the defects of our judiciary system. I thought it was one of the virtues until last year, when I was defeated.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Brig. Gen. Matt Merrin: The thing to do is survive, isn't it? Survive as best we can, but survive.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hans Rolfe: Do you want the Americans to stay here forever? Do you want that? I could show you a picture of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Thousands and thousands of burned bodies. Women and children. Is that their superior morality?

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Brig. Gen. Matt Merrin: I don't know what's going to happen. But I do know this: If Berlin goes, Germany goes. If Germany goes, Europe goes.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: Curtiss, you were saying that the men are not responsible for their acts. You're going to have to explain that to me. You're going to have to explain it very carefully.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Capt. Harrison Byers: The tribunal is now in session. God bless the United States and this honorable tribunal.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Kenneth Norris: There are a lot of things that happened here that nobody understands.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Curtiss Ives: That's one problem we have with the prosecution. It's filled with young radicals like Lawson. Judge Dan Haywood: Is that what Lawson is? A young radical? Judge Curtiss Ives: Well, he was a personal protégé of FDR. Judge Dan Haywood: Well, FDR had a few friends who weren't radicals, didn't he? Judge Curtiss Ives: Name one. Judge Dan Haywood: Wendell Wilkie. Judge Curtiss Ives: Wilkie? Is he your idea of a conservative?

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: Things haven't been very easy for you, have they? Mrs. Bertholt: I'm not used to them being easy. I'm not fragile, Judge Haywood.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Mrs. Bertholt: What did he know of the crimes they cited him for? He was placed on trial with the other military leaders. It was part of their revenge. The victors always take on the vanquished. It was political murder.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Irene Hoffman: He told me that it was no use to repeat my story, because, no one would believe me. There had been a race defilement and the only pardon for this was to kill the violator.

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Hans Rolfe: Did you sit on his lap? Irene Hoffman: Yes. But there was nothing wrong or ugly about it. Hans Rolfe: *Did* *you* *sit* *on* *his* *lap*? Irene Hoffman: Yes, but... Hans Rolfe: You sat on his lap! What else did you do?

§Judgment at Nuremberg ¤ Judge Dan Haywood: Order! Does the defendant wish to make a statement? Ernst Janning: I wish to make a statement, yes.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: [repeated line; frequently in the show] Good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!

§The Truman Show ¤ Mike Michaelson: Christof, let me ask you, why do you think that Truman has never come close to discovering the true nature of his world until now? Christof: We accept the reality of the world with which we're presented. It's as simple as that.

§The Truman Show ¤ Christof: I know you better than you know yourself. Truman: You never had a camera in my head!

§The Truman Show ¤ Marlon: [Emotional, almost to the point of tears] The point is, I would gladly step in front of traffic for you Truman. And the last thing I would ever do to you... Christof: [Feeding Marlon his lines] ... is lie to you. Marlon: ...is lie to you.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman Burbank: Somebody help me, I'm being spontaneous!

§The Truman Show ¤ [Truman attempts to leave his town and a convoy of cars pulls in front of him to block his exit] Truman Burbank: Blocked at every turn. Beautifully synchronized, don't you agree? Meryl: You're blaming me for the traffic? Truman Burbank: Should I? Meryl: Truman, let's go home. Truman Burbank: You're right. We could be stuck here for hours. It could be like this all the way to Atlantic City. Let's go back. I'm sorry. I don't know what got into me. Meryl: Truman, can you slow down? Truman Burbank: Yes, I can. Meryl: Truman. Truman, that's our turnoff. Truman Burbank: I changed my mind. What's New Orleans like this time of year? Mardi Gras, woooooo! Ha ha ha ha ha! Hoo hoo hoo! Whoooohoo! Look, Meryl! Same road, no cars. It's magic! Hahaha! Meryl: You let me out, Truman. You're not right in the head. You want to destroy yourself you do it on your own. Truman Burbank: I think I'd like a little company.

§The Truman Show ¤ Network Executive: For God's sake, Chris! The whole world is watching. We can't let him die in front of a live audience! Christof: He was born in front of a live audience.

§The Truman Show ¤ [first lines] Christof: We've become bored with watching actors give us phony emotions. We are tired of pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is, in some respects, counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no cue cards. It isn't always Shakespeare, but it's genuine. It's a life.

§The Truman Show ¤ Garage Attendant: [last lines; after the Truman Show has ceased transmission] What else is on? Garage Attendant: Yeah, let's see what else is on. Garage Attendant: Where's the TV guide?

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman Burbank: Was nothing real? Christof: You were real. That's what made you so good to watch...

§The Truman Show ¤ Mike Michaelson: The Hague for Christof. Hello? The Hague? All right, we've lost that call, let's go to Hollywood, California. You're on Trutalk. Sylvia: Hi, Christof, I'd just like to say one thing, you're a liar and a manipulator and what you've done to Truman is sick! Christof: Well. We remember this voice, don't we? How could we forget? Mike Michaelson: Uh, let's go to another call, what do we have... Christof: No. No, no, no, no, no, it's fine, it's fine, Mike. I love to reminisce with former members of the cast. Sylvia, as you announced so melodramatically to the world, do you think because you batted your eyes at Truman once, flirted with him, stole a few minutes of airtime with him to thrust yourself and your politics into the limelight, that you know him? That you know what's right for him? You really think you're in a position to judge him? Sylvia: What right do you have to take a baby and turn his life into some kind of mockery? Don't you ever feel guilty? Christof: I have given Truman the chance to lead a normal life. The world, the place you live in, is the sick place. Seahaven is the way the world should be. Sylvia: He's not a performer, he's a prisoner. Look at him, look at what you've done to him! Christof: He could leave at any time. If his was more than just a vague ambition, if he was absolutely determined to discover the truth, there's no way we could prevent him. I think what distresses you, really, caller, is that ultimately Truman prefers his cell, as you call it. Sylvia: Well, that's where you're wrong. You're so wrong! And he'll prove you wrong!

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: [Sailing in the artificially-roughened winds and seas - he shouts to the sky] Is that the best you can do? [Christof, in the "moon room", whips around to face the screen, shocked] Truman: You're gonna have to kill me! [sings] Truman: What do ya do with a drunken sailor? What do ya do with a drunken sailor? What do ya do with a drunken sailor ear-lye in the mor-nin'!

§The Truman Show ¤ Christof: As Truman grew up, we were forced to manufacture ways to keep him on the island. [flashback to Truman at school] Young Truman: I like to be an explorer, like the great Magellan. Teacher: [rolling down a map of the world] Oh, you're too late. There's really nothing left to explore.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: [to an unseen Christof] Who are you? Christof: [on a speaker] I am the Creator - of a television show that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions. Truman: Then who am I? Christof: You're the star.

§The Truman Show ¤ Christof: We need more light, we'll never find him this way. What time is it? Chloe: It's... way too early for that. Christof: Cue the sun.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: [after scaring the two control room directors by seemingly talking to them, then easing them by seeming to revert back to his eccentricity, while they look at their notes temporarily] That one's for free.

§The Truman Show ¤ Meryl: [brandishing the "Chef's Pal" kitchen multi-knife to keep him away from her] Truman! You are scaring me! Truman: No. You're scaring me, Meryl. What are you gonna do? Dice me, slice me or peel me? There's so many CHOICES!

§The Truman Show ¤ [Meryl panics when Truman confronts her about the conspiracy around him, the situation is diffused by an impromptu appearance from Marlon. Crying, Meryl runs into his arms] Meryl: How can anyone expect me to carry on under these conditions? It's unprofessional!

§The Truman Show ¤ Marlon: Where the hell's Fiji? Near Florida? Truman: [pointing to golf ball] See here? Marlon: Yeah. Truman: This is us... [guides finger halfway around ball] Truman: and all the way around here... FIJI. You can't get any further away before you start coming back.

§The Truman Show ¤ Network Executive: Christof, what's going on? Do you know that there's a rumor circulating that he's dead? You hear me? The media is having a feeding frenzy with this, all the phone lines are jammed, and every network has a pirated shot of Marlon making an ass of himself in front of the cameras! Network Executive: The sponsors are threatening to rip up their contracts. Christof: [pointing at the "Technical fault. Please stand by" graphic] Why? We're getting higher ratings with this graphic than we've ever had on this show.

§The Truman Show ¤ Meryl: [holding up a jar of cocoa, slipping into advertising mode] Why don't you let me fix you some of this Mococoa drink? All natural cocoa beans from the upper slopes of Mount Nicaragua. No artificial sweeteners. Truman: [looking around] What the hell are you talking about? Who are you talking to? Meryl: I've tasted other cocoas. This is the best.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: The early bird gathers no moss! The rolling stone catches the worm!

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: I hereby proclaim this planet Trumania of the Burbank Galaxy.

§The Truman Show ¤ Travel Agent: Where would you like to go? Truman: Fiji. Travel Agent: When? Truman: [pats his suitcase] Today. Travel Agent: [types on her computer] Oh, I'm sorry, but we don't have another flight for a least a month. Truman: A month? Travel Agent: It's the busy season.

§The Truman Show ¤ Marlon: Look at that sunset, Truman. It's perfect. Truman: Yeah. Marlon: That's the big guy. Quite a paint brush he's got.

§The Truman Show ¤ Mike Michaelson: The show has generated enormous revenues now equivalent to the gross national product of a small country. Christof: People forget it takes the population of an entire country to keep the show running. Mike Michaelson: Since the show is on 24 hours a day without commercial interruption, all those staggering revenues are generated by product placement. Christof: That's true. Everything on the show is for sale. From the actors' wardrobe, food products, to the very homes they live in. Mike Michaelson: And of course, all of it available in the Truman catalogue and operators are standing by.

§The Truman Show ¤ Bus Driver: [unable to get the ferry moving] I'm usually the bus driver! Production Assistant: [into his radio] Bottom line is they can't drive the boat. They're actors!

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman's Mother: [looking through a photo album] Here's us at Mount Rushmore. Do you remember, Truman? When Dad was still with us? That was quite a drive, you slept the whole way there. Truman: [looking closer at the old photo of himself as a boy with his parents in front of an inaccurate mock-up of Mount Rushmore] It looks so small. Truman's Mother: [quickly turning the page] Things always do when you look back, darling.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman Burbank: Lauren, right? It's on your book. Lauren: Lauren. Right. Right. Truman Burbank: Well, I'm Truman. Lauren: Yeah. I know. Look, Truman, I'm not allowed to talk to you. You know. Truman Burbank: Yeah, well, I can understand, I'm a pretty dangerous character.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: [He's trying to leave town in his car, with Meryl. He's gone through various obstacles including traffic jams and a forest fire. Now he's hearing a warning siren; suspiciously] What now? Meryl: [they're coming up to Seahaven Nuclear Power Station. Police, firemen and men in radiation suits are blocking the road] Truman, it looks like a leak at the plant. Policeman at Power Plant: [walking up to the car window] Back up, back up. Leak at the plant. We had to shut her down. Truman: Is there any way around? Policeman at Power Plant: [shakes head] Whole area's been evacuated. Meryl: Is there anything I can do? Policeman at Power Plant: No, ma'am. Truman: [sighs] Thank you for your help. Policeman at Power Plant: You're welcome, Truman. Truman: [stunned whisper] Truman?

§The Truman Show ¤ TV Announcer: 1:01:20 1.7 billion were there for his birth. 220 countries tuned in for his first step. The world stood still for that stolen kiss. And as he grew, so did the technology. An entire human life recorded on an intricate network of hidden cameras, and broadcast live and unedited, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to an audience around the globe. Coming to you now from Seahaven Island, enclosed in the largest studio ever constructed, and along with the Great Wall of China one of only two man-made structures visible from space, now in its 30th great year... It's The Truman Show!

§The Truman Show ¤ Man in Bathtub: [clinging onto his shower curtain while watching Truman clinging onto his boat in the storm] YOU CAN DO IT! HOLD ON!

§The Truman Show ¤ Christof: Talk to me. Say something. Well, say something, goddamn it. You're on television. You're live to the whole world. Truman Burbank: [Before he goes and exits off-set trough the door] In case I don't see you... good afternoon, good evening, and good night. Yeah!

§The Truman Show ¤ Mike Michaelson: [about Truman's father] But how do you intend to explain his 22-year absence? Christof: Amnesia. Mike Michaelson: Brilliant.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: I figure we can scrape together $8,000... Meryl: Every time you and Marlon get together... Truman: We can bum around the world for a year on that! Meryl: And then what, Truman? We'd be where we were five years ago. You're talking like a teenager. Truman: Well, maybe I feel like a teenager. Meryl: We have mortgage payments, Truman. [He sighs] Meryl: We have car payments. What, we're going to just walk away from our financial obligations? Truman: [He stands, whirls around, bends pleadingly, his hands reaching as though to grab the world] It would be an adventure! Meryl: I thought we were gonna try for a baby. [He turns away and rubs the back of his neck] Meryl: Isn't that enough of an adventure? Truman: [Truman turns back, waves his arms dramatically] That can wait. I want to get away, see some of the world! Explore! Meryl: [teasing him] Honey, you wanna be an explorer. [She rises, goes to him, strokes his cheek] Meryl: This'll pass. We all think like this now and then.

§The Truman Show ¤ Meryl: Hi, honey! Look what I got free at the checkout. It's a "Chef's Pal". It's a dicer, grater, peeler, all in one. Never needs sharpening, dishwasher safe! Truman: [feigning interest] Wow. That's amazing.

§The Truman Show ¤ Marlon: I mean, think about it, Truman. If everybody is in on it, I'd have to be in on it, too. [pause] Marlon: I'm not in on it, Truman, because... there is no 'it'.

§The Truman Show ¤ Christof: [Marlon suddenly discovers that Truman has escaped through a hole in his basement] Don't look in the camera, say something! Keep it going, keep it going! Marlon: [to the lawn camera] He's gone! Christof: Cut transmission!

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman Burbank: [observes Sylvia wearing a pin reading "How's it going to end?"] I like your pin. I was wondering that myself.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman's Father: [Truman has disappeared and the whole community is looking for him. His dad calls out] Truman! It's Dad. [Awkward pause] Truman's Father: ...Let's talk.

§The Truman Show ¤ Talk Show Caller: Hi, Christof. I was just wondering how many cameras you got there in that town. Christof: Somewhere in the vicinity of 5000. Talk Show Caller: That's a lot of cameras. Christof: Remember, we started with just one. [as he speaks, clips of a foetus, newborn babies in a hospital, a toddler walking along a beach and a toddler looking up at a mobile with a camera attached to it are shown] Christof: He was curious from birth. Premature by two weeks. It was almost as if he couldn't wait to get started. Mike Michaelson: And of course his eagerness to leave his mother's womb was the very reason he the one who was selected. Christof: In competition with five other unwanted pregnancies, the casting of a show determined by an airdate, Truman was the one who arrived on cue. Mike Michaelson: Incidentally, I believe Truman is the first child to have been legally adopted by a corporation? Christof: That's correct.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman Burbank: It was Dad. I swear! Dressed like a homeless man. And you know what else was strange? A business man and a woman with a little dog came out of nowhere and forced him onto a bus. Truman's Mother: Well! It's about time they cleaned up the trash downtown before we become just like the rest of the country.

§The Truman Show ¤ Meryl: [Spinning around the roundabout] Truman, I think I'm going to throw up! Truman: Me too!

§The Truman Show ¤ [In the control room, Christof grabs a headset and a monitor to see Truman standing in front of the door to the real world] Christof: Truman. [Truman hears Christof's booming voice coming from the sky] Christof: You can speak. I can hear you. Truman Burbank: Who are you? Christof: I am the creator... of a television show that gives hope and joy and inspiration to millions. Truman Burbank: Then who am I? Christof: You're the star. Truman Burbank: Was nothing real? Christof: *You* were real. That's what made you so good to watch. [Truman turns back to face the door] Christof: Listen to me, Truman. There's no more truth out there than there is in the world I created for you. The same lies. The same deceit. But in my world, you have nothing to fear. I know you better than you know yourself. Truman Burbank: [insulted] You never had a camera in my head! Christof: You're afraid. That's why you can't leave. It's okay, Truman. I understand. I have been watching you your whole life. I was watching when you were born. I was watching when you took your first step. I watched you on your first day of school. [chuckles] Christof: The episode where you lost your first tooth. [smiles] Christof: You can't leave, Truman. You belong here... with me. [Truman remains silent, contemplating] Christof: Talk to me. Say something. [incredulous] Christof: Well, say something, goddamn it! You're on television! You're live to the whole world! [Truman turns back with a familiar smile] Truman Burbank: In case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening and good night. [false chuckle] Truman Burbank: Yeah. [Truman takes a bow and then steps through the door to Christof's astonishment]

§The Truman Show ¤ Christof: I'm determined that television's first on-air conception still take place.

§The Truman Show ¤ Truman: Can you tell her I had to go to Fiji and that I'll call her when I get there?

§The Truman Show ¤ Mike Michaelson: 1:02:13 What a week it's been. I don't know about you, I was on pins and needles the entire time. Hello and good evening. I'm your host Mike Michaelson and welcome to Trutalk, our forum issues growing out of the show. But tonight, something very special indeed. A rare and exclusive interview with the show's conceiver and creator. So come with us now as we go live to the lunar room on the 221st floor of the omni-cam ecosphere. That's where we'll find the world's greatest televisionary, the desiger and architect of the world within a world that is Seahaven Island: Christof. Before we begin, I'd like to thank you on behald of our audience for granting us this exclusive interview. We know how demanding your schedule is and we all know how jealously you guard your privacy. This, sir, is indeed an honor.

§The Truman Show ¤ [Truman and Meryl continue to drive away from Seahaven; Meryl spots a "Danger: Fire Hazard" sign] Meryl: What about that sign? Truman Burbank: I'm sure they're exaggerating. We'll be fine. [Out of nowhere, a massive of fire erupts in the middle of the road] Meryl: [panicked] What bout that there? Would you believe that? [Truman and Meryl drive through the fire, and aside from a lot of smoke pouring in, they are fine] Meryl: Oh. Oh boy. Truman, we're on fire! Truman Burbank: It's okay! Meryl: We're on fire! Truman Burbank: It's okay! It's just smoke! Just smoke. You okay? Meryl: [terrified] YES! Truman Burbank: [crazed] WANNA DO IT AGAIN? Meryl: [still terrified] NO!

§The Truman Show ¤ Christof: That's our hero shot.

§The Truman Show ¤ [Truman has disappeared and everyone is searching for him] Ron: [into his radio] I don't give a damn, just find the son of a bitch!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: Why are you talking about Paul? Daniel Plainview: I did what your brother couldn't. Eli Sunday: Don't say this to me. Daniel Plainview: I broke you and I beat you. It was Paul who told me about you. He's the prophet. He's the smart one. He knew what was there and he found me to take it out of the ground, and you know what the funny thing is? Listen... listen... listen... I paid him ten thousand dollars, cash in hand, just like that. He has his own company now. A prosperous little business. Three wells producing. Five thousand dollars a week. [Eli cries] Daniel Plainview: Stop crying, you sniveling ass! Stop your nonsense. You're just the afterbirth, Eli. Eli Sunday: No... Daniel Plainview: You slithered out of your mother's filth. Eli Sunday: No. Daniel Plainview: They should have put you in a glass jar on a mantlepiece. Where were you when Paul was suckling at his mother's teat? Where were you? Who was nursing you, poor Eli? One of Bandy's sows? That land has been had. Nothing you can do about it. It's gone. It's had. Eli Sunday: If you would just take... Daniel Plainview: You lose. Eli Sunday: ...this lease, Daniel... Daniel Plainview: Drainage! Drainage, Eli, you boy. Drained dry. I'm so sorry. Here, if you have a milkshake, and I have a milkshake, and I have a straw. There it is, that's a straw, you see? Watch it. Now, my straw reaches acroooooooss the room and starts to drink your milkshake. I... drink... your... milkshake! [sucking sound] Daniel Plainview: I drink it up! Eli Sunday: Don't bully me, Daniel! [Daniel roars and throws Eli across the room] Daniel Plainview: Did you think your song and dance and your superstition would help you, Eli? I am the Third Revelation! I am who the Lord has chosen!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ [last lines] Daniel Plainview: I'm finished.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: What are you looking so miserable about? There's a whole ocean of oil under our feet! No one can get at it except for me.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: Are you an angry man, Henry? Henry: About what? Daniel Plainview: Are you envious? D'you get envious? Henry: I don't think so. No. Daniel Plainview: I have a competition in me. I want no one else to succeed. I hate most people. Henry: That part of me is gone. Working and not succeeding- all my, uh... failures has left me, uh... I just don't... care. Daniel Plainview: Well, if it's in me, it's in you. There are times when I... I look at people and I see nothing worth liking. I want to earn enough money I can get away from everyone. Henry: What will you do about your boy? Daniel Plainview: I don't know. Uhhhh, maybe it'll change. Does your sound come back to you? I don't know. Maybe no one knows that. A doctor might not know that. Henry: Where's his mother? Daniel Plainview: I don't want to talk about those things. I see the worst in people, Henry. I don't need to look past seeing them to get all I need. I've built up my hatreds over the years, little by little. Having you here gives me a second breath of life. I can't keep doing this on my own... with these, umm... people. [laughs]

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: Ladies and gentlemen... I've traveled over half our state to be here tonight. I couldn't get away sooner because my new well was coming in at Coyote Hills and I had to see about it. That well is now flowing at two thousand barrels and it's paying me an income of five thousand dollars a week. I have two others drilling and I have sixteen producing at Antelope; so, ladies and gentlemen, if I say I'm an oil man, you will agree. Now, you have a great chance here, but bear in mind, you can lose it all if you're not careful. Out of all men that beg for a chance to drill your lots, maybe one in twenty will be oilmen; the rest will be speculators - that's men trying to get between you and the oilmen - to get some of the money that ought by rights come to you. Even if you find one that has money and means to drill, he'll maybe know nothing about drilling and he'll have to hire the job out on contract, and then you're depending on a contractor who'll rush the job through so he can get another contract just as quick as he can. This is... the way that this works. Man: Well, what is your offer? W-w-we're wasting time. [crowd responds: "Yes." "Please."] Daniel Plainview: I do my own drilling, and the men that work for me work for me. and they're men I know. I make it my business to be there and to see their work. I don't lose my tools in the hole and spend months fishing for them; I don't botch the cementing off and let water in the hole and ruin the whole lease. I'm a family man. I run a family business. This is my son and my partner, H.W. Plainview. [indicates H.W] Daniel Plainview: We offer you the bond of family that very few oilmen can understand. I'm fixed like no other company in this field and that's because my Coyote Hills well has just come in. I have a string of tools all ready to put to work. I can load a rig onto trucks and have them here in a week. I have business connections so I can get the lumber for the derrick - such things go by friendship in a rush like this - and this is why I can guarantee to start drilling and to put up the cash to back my word. I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, no matter what the others promise to do, when it comes to the showdown, they won't be there.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: [pitching his company to the people of Little Boston] Ladies and gentlemen? Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for visiting with us this evening. Now, I've traveled across half our state to be here and to see about this land. Now, I daresay some of you might have heard some of the more extravagant rumors about what my plans are; I just thought you'd like to hear it from me. This is the face. There's no great mystery. I'm an oilman, ladies and gentlemen. I have numerous concerns spread across this state. I have many wells flowing at many thousand barrels per day. I like to think of myself as an oilman. As an oilman, I hope that you'll forgive just good old-fashioned plain speaking. Now, this work that we do is very much a family enterprise; I work side by side with my wonderful son, H.W. - I think one or two of you might have met him already - and, uh, I encourage my men to bring their families, as well. Of course, it makes for an ever so much more rewarding life for them. Family means children; children means education; so, wherever we set up camp, education is a necessity, and we're just so happy to take care of that. So let's build a wonderful school in Little Boston. These children are the future that we strive for and so they should have the very best of things. Now something else, uh... and please don't be insulted if I speak about this - bread. Let's talk about bread. Now to my mind, uh, it's an abomination to consider that any man, woman or child in this magnificent country of ours should have to look upon a loaf of bread as a luxury. We're gonna dig water wells here and, uh, water wells means irrigation. Irrigation means cultivation. We're gonna raise crops here where before it just simply wasn't impossible. You're going to have more grain than you know what to do with. Bread will be coming right out of your ears, ma'am. New roads, agriculture, employment, education - these are just a few of the things we can offer you, and I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, that if we do find oil here - and I think there's a very good chance that we will - this community of yours will not only survive, it will flourish.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ HW's Interpreter, George: [speaking for deaf H.W] I'd prefer to speak to you in private. Daniel Plainview: You can't speak. so why don't you flap your hands about and have what's-his-name tell me where you've been. Or do you think I don't know? HW's Interpreter, George: This is hard for me to say. I'll tell you first: I love you very much. I've learned to love what I do because of you. I'm leaving here. I'm going to Mexico. I'm taking Mary, and I'm going to Mexico. I miss working outside. I miss the fields. It'll only be for a time, for me to do my own drilling and start my own company. It's time to make a change. Daniel Plainview: This makes you my competitor. HW's Interpreter, George: No. No, it's not like that. Daniel Plainview: It is like that - boy. Your own company, huh? HW's Interpreter, George: That's right. Daniel Plainview: In Mexico. HW's Interpreter, George: Yes. Daniel Plainview: You're making such a misstep. So, what are you doing? HW's Interpreter, George: I know you and I have disagreed over many things. I'd rather keep you as my father than my partner. Daniel Plainview: Then say it! You got something to say to me then say it. I'd like to hear you speak instead of your little dog, woof woof woof woof woof woof woof! H.W. Plainview - Older: I'm going to Mexico with my wife. I'm going away from you. Daniel Plainview: That wasn't so hard, was it? - killing us with what you're doing. You're killing my image of you as my son. HW's Interpreter, George: You're stubborn. You won't listen. Daniel Plainview: You're not my son. HW's Interpreter, George: Please don't say that. I know you don't mean it. Daniel Plainview: It's the truth. You're not my son. Never have been. You're an... you're an orphan. D'you ever hear that word? Daniel Plainview: [to George] Tell 'em what I said! Daniel Plainview: [back to H.W] You operated here today like one. I should have seen this coming. I should have known that under this, all these past years, you've been building your hate for me piece by piece. I don't even know who you are because you have none of me in you. You're someone else's. This anger, your maliciousness, backwards dealings with me. You're an orphan from a basket in the middle of the desert, and I took you for no other reason than I needed a sweet face to buy land. D'you get that? So now you know. [Plainview whistles mockingly] Daniel Plainview: Look at me. You're lower than a bastard. You have none of me in you. You're just a bastard from a basket. HW's Interpreter, George: I thank God I have none of you in me. Daniel Plainview: [H.W. and George get up and begin to leave the room] You're not my son. You're just a little piece of competition. Bastard from a basket. Bastard from a basket! You're a bastard from a basket!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: I'm gonna bury you underground, Eli.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: I told you I would to eat you! Eli Sunday: [terrified] We're family! Daniel Plainview: I told you I would eat you up!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ H.M. Tilford: We'll make you a millionaire while you're sitting here from one minute to the next. Daniel Plainview: What else would I do with myself? H.M. Tilford: You asking me? Daniel Plainview: What else would I do with myself? H.M. Tilford: Take care of your son. I don't know what you would do. Daniel Plainview: If you were me and Standard offered to buy what you had for a million dollars, why? So, why? H.M. Tilford: You know why. Daniel Plainview: Yeah, you fellows just scratch around in the dirt and find it like the rest of us instead of buying up someone else's hard work. J.J. Carter: [defensively] I've scratched around the dirt, son. Daniel Plainview: You gonna change your shipping costs? H.M. Tilford: We don't dictate shipping costs. That's railroad business. Daniel Plainview: O-oh! You don't own the railroads? Course you do. Of course you do. H.M. Tilford: Where you gonna put it all? Where? Build a pipeline, make a deal with Union Oil? Be my guest, but if you can't pull it off, you've got an ocean of oil under your feet, with nowhere to go. Why not turn it over to us? We'll make you rich. You spend time with your boy. It's a great discovery. Now let us help you. Daniel Plainview: [after a long pause] D'you just tell me how to run my family? H.M. Tilford: It might be more important now that you've proven the field and we're offering to buy you out. Daniel Plainview: [stares at Tilford for a long moment] One night, I'm gonna come to you, inside of your house, wherever you're sleeping, and I'm gonna cut your throat. H.M. Tilford: What? What are you taking about? Have you gone crazy, Daniel? Daniel Plainview: Did you hear what I said? H.M. Tilford: I heard what you said. Why did you say it? Daniel Plainview: You don't tell me about my son. H.M. Tilford: Why are you acting insane and threatening to cut my throat? Daniel Plainview: You don't tell me about my son. H.M. Tilford: I'm not telling you anything! I'm asking you to be reasonable. If I've offended you, I apologize. Daniel Plainview: [leans towards him] You'll see what I can do.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet God is a superstition!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: When do we get our money, Daniel? [Daniel slaps Eli across the face] Daniel Plainview: [continuing to slap Eli] Aren't you a healer and a vessel for the holy spirit? When are you coming over and make my son hear again? Can't you do that?

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Paul Sunday: Mr. Plainview? Daniel Plainview: Yes? Paul Sunday: Are you Daniel Plainview? Daniel Plainview: Yes. What can I do for you? Paul Sunday: You look for oil. Daniel Plainview: That's right. Paul Sunday: What do you pay for a place that has it? Daniel Plainview: Well, that depends. Paul Sunday: What does it depend on? Daniel Plainview: On a lot of things. Paul Sunday: If I told you I knew a place that had oil, where land could be bought cheaply, what do you think that would be worth? Daniel Plainview: Oh, I think that, uh... you should let me know what you know, and, uh, and then we'll try and work something out. Paul Sunday: Can I sit down? Daniel Plainview: Please. Paul Sunday: [Paul sits] What church do you belong to? Daniel Plainview: I, um... I enjoy all faiths. I don't belong to one church in particular. I... I like them all. I like everything. Where are you from? Paul Sunday: That would be telling you. That's what I want to sell you. Daniel Plainview: What are you doing in Signal Hill? Paul Sunday: We have oil and it seeps through the ground. Do you want to pay me to know where it is... Daniel Plainview: Well, just because there's something on the ground doesn't mean there's anything beneath it. Paul Sunday: Why did Standard Oil buy up land? Daniel Plainview: Is it in California? Paul Sunday: Maybe. Daniel Plainview: How much land they buy? Paul Sunday: I'd like it better if you didn't think I was stupid.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: [mumbles] Abandoned my child. Eli Sunday: Say it louder... say it louder! Daniel Plainview: I've abandoned my child! I've abandoned my child! I've abandoned my boy! Eli Sunday: Now beg for the blood! Daniel Plainview: [sotto voce] Please, give me the blood, Eli. Let me get out of here. Daniel Plainview: [aloud] Give me the blood, Lord, and let me get away!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: Oh, Daniel... Oh, Daniel... please... I-I-I'm in... I'm in desperate times. Daniel Plainview: I know. Eli Sunday: I need a friend. Daniel Plainview: Yes, of course you do. Eli Sunday: I've sinned! I need help! I'm a sinner! I've let the Devil grab hold of me in ways I never imagined! I'm so full of sin. Daniel Plainview: The Lord sometimes challenges us, doesn't he? Eli Sunday: Oh, yes, he does. Daniel, yes, he does! Daniel Plainview: Yes, he does! Eli Sunday: Oh! He's completely failed to alert me to the recent panic in our economy and this! I-I... I must have this. I must, I must, I must, I must, I must have this. My investments have... Daniel, I won't bore you, but I... If I could grab the Lord's hand for help, I would, but he does these things all the time, these mysteries that he presents and while we wait... while we wait for his word... Daniel Plainview: Because you're not the chosen brother, Eli. It was Paul who was chosen. Yes, he-he found me and he told me about your land. You're just a fool.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: We have a sinner with us here who wishes for salvation. Daniel, are you a sinner? Daniel Plainview: Yes. Eli Sunday: Oh, the Lord can't hear you, Daniel. Say it to him. Go ahead and speak to him. It's all right. Daniel Plainview: Yes. Eli Sunday: Down on your knees and to him. Look up to the sky and say it. Daniel Plainview: What do you want me to say? Eli Sunday: Oh, Daniel, you've come here and you've brought good and wealth, but you have also brought your bad habits as a backslider. You've lusted after women, and you have abandoned your child - your child that you raised. You have abandoned all because he was sick and you have sinned. So say it now - "I am a sinner." Daniel Plainview: I am a sinner. Eli Sunday: Say it louder - " I am a sinner! " Daniel Plainview: I'm a sinner. Eli Sunday: Louder, Daniel. I am a sinner! Daniel Plainview: I am a sinner. Eli Sunday: I am sorry, Lord! Daniel Plainview: I am sorry , Lord. Eli Sunday: I want the blood! Daniel Plainview: I want the blood. Eli Sunday: You have abandoned your child! Daniel Plainview: I've abandoned my child. Eli Sunday: I will never backslide! Daniel Plainview: I will never backslide. Eli Sunday: I was lost, but now I am found! Daniel Plainview: I was lost but now I'm found. Eli Sunday: I have abandoned my child! [Plainview glares at him] Eli Sunday: Say it... say it!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: What's this? Why don't I own this? Why don't I own this? Al Rose: That's the Bandy tract. He was the holdout, when we were doing the buying? He had hoped to speak with you. Can't you just build the pipeline around this tract? Daniel Plainview: Can I build around fifty miles of Tehachapi Mountains? Don't be thick in front of me, Al. Al Rose: I can go to him again... Daniel Plainview: No, I'll go and talk to the man. I'll talk to him, show you how it's done.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Fletcher Hamilton: H.W. okay? Daniel Plainview: No, he isn't.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: Things go up, things go down, but at least the Lord is always around.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ H.M. Tilford: How's your boy? Daniel Plainview: Thank you for asking. H.M. Tilford: Is there anything we can do? Daniel Plainview: "Thanks for asking" is enough.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ [They stand at a map] Paul Sunday: This is us, here. Spur Station, here at Little Boston. The Sunday ranch is what you're looking for. There's a sheep trail that takes you there. It's a mile out of town, headed west, not far. Just through a small pass here, near the base of the hills. You'll pass a church, and just follow the sheep trail. Daniel Plainview: Where's Standard buying up? Paul Sunday: [pointing at map] Here, and here. Daniel Plainview: And your family name is Sunday, yes? Paul Sunday: That's right. Daniel Plainview: How many's in your family? Paul Sunday: My father and mother and sisters, and my brother, Eli. H.W. Plainview: How many sisters do you have? Paul Sunday: Two. Daniel Plainview: What's your name? Paul Sunday: Paul. Fletcher Hamilton: Does any of your family know about the oil that you say is there? Paul Sunday: I don't know. Uh, my uncle always said there was oil there, but I don't know what they heard or what they think. Fletcher Hamilton: What do you grow? Paul Sunday: It's goats. Uh, it's a goat farm. I told you, nothing grows but weeds. Fletcher Hamilton: Is there water? Paul Sunday: It's salty. You drill a well, it's hard not to get salt water. The oil is there. I'm telling you. I want to go now, so... Daniel Plainview: Uh, you can stay tonight. Paul Sunday: No, I want to go now. I wanna leave. Daniel Plainview: Listen, Paul... If I travel all the way up there and I find that you've been lying to me, I'm gonna find you, and I'm gonna take more than my money back. Is that all right with you? Paul Sunday: Yes, sir. Daniel Plainview: All right then. Paul Sunday: Nice luck to you and God bless. Daniel Plainview: And to you, young man.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: What would you like, Eli? Eli Sunday: Ten thousand dollars. Daniel Plainview: For what? Eli Sunday: For my church. Daniel Plainview: That's good. That's a good one.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Henry: I'm your brother... from another mother.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: [Daniel, suspicious of Henry, aims a gun at him] I want you to tell me something. Henry: What? Daniel Plainview: What's the name of the farm next to the Hill house? What was the name of the farm next to the Hill House? Henry: I... I can't remem... Daniel Plainview: Who are you? Henry: I'll leave, Daniel. Daniel Plainview: Who are you? Henry: I'm no one. Just... let me get up and go. Daniel Plainview: Do I have a brother? Henry: I met a man in King City who said he was your brother. We were friends for months, working in King City, and he wanted to make his way to you, Daniel. We didn't have any money... He died of tuberculosis. He wasn't harmed, wasn't killed, nothing bad, but he told me about you and I just took his story... used his diary... Daniel... Daniel, I'm your friend. I'm not trying to hurt you. Never. Just survive... [Daniel fires the gun]

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Prescott: [Plainview has just left a town meeting] Mr. Plainview! No! Where are you going? Daniel Plainview: I don't need the lease, thank you. Prescott: We need you, we need you to... Daniel Plainview: Too much confusion! Thank you for your time. Prescott: No, no, no! There's no confusion! If you just... Daniel Plainview: [stops in his tracks, stares down Prescott] I wouldn't take the lease if you gave it to me as a gift.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: You are a stupid man, Abel. You've let someone come in here and walk all over us. You let him in and do his work here, and you are a stupid man for what we could have had. Abel Sunday: I followed His word, Eli. I tried. Eli Sunday: You didn't do anything but sit down. You're lazy and you're stupid. Do you think God is going to save you for being stupid? He doesn't save stupid people, Abel. [Eli clambers across the table and slams Abel to the ground] Eli Sunday: I will tear you apart for what you've done, you stupid man! How did he come here? Do you even know? I know! Abel Sunday: Son, don't do this, please! Eli Sunday: Be quiet! Abel Sunday: Please! Don't! Eli Sunday: Shut your mouth, Abel! It was your stupid son! It was Paul who told him to come here. I know it. He went to him, and he said "My stupid, weak father will give away his lots. Go and take him." - and you let it happen. [lets go of Abel] Eli Sunday: From a stupid father to a stupid son.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: There's that house in Fond Du Lac that, uh, John Hollister built. Do you remember it? Henry: Mmm. Daniel Plainview: I thought as a boy that was the most beautiful house I'd ever seen, and I wanted it. I wanted to live in it, and eat in it, and clean it... And even as a boy, I wanted to have children to run around in it. Henry: You can have anything you like now, Daniel, and you should. Where are you gonna build it? Daniel Plainview: Here, maybe. Near the ocean. Henry: Would you make it look like that house? Daniel Plainview: I think if I saw that house now, it'd make me sick.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: How is all the work coming? Daniel Plainview: Everything's good. Eli Sunday: All the men are provided for? Daniel Plainview: Of course. Eli Sunday: Spirits seem high. Is there... anything that you need from me? Anything the church can do for you? Daniel Plainview: I don't believe so, no. Thank you. Eli Sunday: I understand you've asked the people to gather round and watch the well begin tomorrow, is that right? Daniel Plainview: That's right. Eli Sunday: I will bless the well. Before you begin, you should introduce me. You'll see me walk up towards the oil well, and... Daniel Plainview: The derrick. Eli Sunday: You'll see me walk up, and then you can say my name. Daniel Plainview: When you walk up? Eli Sunday: Yes. You'll see me walk up, and then you could say "The proud son of these hills, who tended his father's flock", and then you could say my name. Daniel Plainview: That's fine. Eli Sunday: And what happens then? Daniel Plainview: Well, then we start the drill. Eli Sunday: It's a simple blessing, Daniel, but an important one. It's just a few words, it won't take long. What time? Daniel Plainview: What time's good for you, Eli? Eli Sunday: Four o'clock. Daniel Plainview: Well, let's make it four o'clock then. My thanks for your visit. Eli Sunday: Good day. Thank you.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ William Bandy: I'm Bandy. Daniel Plainview: Uh, yes. Yes. Um... William Bandy, huh? Yeah, I'd like to lease your land. William Bandy: I had asked for you to come and talk to be me before. When you were leasing land. Daniel Plainview: That's right, yes. My boy's been very sick, you know. William Bandy: This was before your boy got sick. Now, I know that you would like to build a pipeline through my property. Is that right, what I've heard? Daniel Plainview: It's absolutely right, and, uh... well... It's an eight-inch pipe. It can buried with your consent. I guarantee you absolutely no disruption... William Bandy: God. God has told me what you must do. Daniel Plainview: And what is that? William Bandy: You should be washed in the blood of Jesus Christ. Daniel Plainview: Oh, but I... I... I am. I have been washed, Mr. Bandy. I... I have been. William Bandy: It's your only way to salvation AND your only way for what you want. You can take it at the Church of the Third Revelation. Daniel Plainview: I'll pay you three thousand dollars. William Bandy: I'd like you to be part of our church. Daniel Plainview: I'll pay you five thousand dollars. William Bandy: Be baptized, be forgiven for the sin that you've done. Daniel Plainview: What sin are you, uh, referring to, Mr. Bandy? My... my sin of drilling?

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: And I had a vision. Yes, last night, I had a vision. And I felt God's breath go through me, and it moved down into my stomach and sloshed around, and my stomach spoke in a whisper, not a shout: "Touch this woman with your hands, and caress her." Eli Sunday: [grabbing Mrs. Hunter's hands] My dear Mrs. Hunter, you have arthritis, don't you? Mrs. Hunter: Yes, I do, Eli. Eli Sunday: Yes, the Devil is in your hands, and I will suck it out. Now, I will not cast this ghost out with a fever, for the new spirit inside me has shown me I have a new way to communicate. It is a gentle whisper. [touches hands to Mrs. Hunter's face] Eli Sunday: Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, ghost. Get out. Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, ghost. Get out of here, and don't you dare turn around and come back, for if you do, all the armies of my boot will kick you in the teeth, and you will be cast up and thrown in the dirt and thrust back to Perdition! And as long as I have teeth, I will bite you! And if I have no teeth, I will gum you! And as long as I have fists, I will bash you! Now, get out of here ghost! Get out of here, ghost! Get out of here, ghost! Egh! YEOW! [throws the 'ghost' out through the door] Eli Sunday: And it left! The Congregation: Hallelujah! Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord in his holy name! Amen! Thank you, Jesus! Eli Sunday: [approaching Mrs. Hunter] My dear Mrs. Hunter... Mrs. Hunter: Eli. Eli Sunday: Dance with me. Dance with me.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: [Daniel has covered his face with a napkin] So Standard offered us a million dollars for the Little Boston leases, and I told H. M. Tilford where he could shove that, and we made a deal with Union! On the pipeline! And that whole ocean of oil underneath our fields! H.M. Tilford: [to his tablemates] ... 150,000 dollars... Man: We needed the money to drill. Man: I go out to meet him. He's getting oil on the property. We're trying to make a claim on it. Offered him a million dollars. Turned us down flat. Daniel Plainview: [growing frustrated] All right. [stands up, walks over and leans in to Tilford's face] Daniel Plainview: I want you to look over there. [points towards H.W] H.M. Tilford: Daniel, let me introduce you... Daniel Plainview: Look over there, you see. That's my son. You see him? You SEE? H.M. Tilford: I see him. Daniel Plainview: You don't tell me how to raise my family. I told you not to tell me how to raise my family. So, what do you see? H.M. Tilford: I'm very happy for you that... Daniel Plainview: Yes, I've made a deal with Union and my son is happy and safe. H.M. Tilford: Congratulations. Excellent... Daniel Plainview: I'm taking care of him now, so... You look like a fool, don't you Tilford? H.M. Tilford: [long pause] Yes. Daniel Plainview: Y-y-y-yes, you do. H.M. Tilford: [embarrassed] Excuse me gentlemen... Daniel Plainview: Oh, excuse me gentlemen. Excuse him, gentlemen. [to Tilford] Daniel Plainview: I told you what I was gonna do. [drinks Tilford's whiskey]

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: [Eli is intending to bless the well] I thank you all so much for visiting with us at this time. I've had the pleasure of meeting some of you, and I hope, very much in the months to come, I'll be able to visit with each and every one of you. Ah... I'm better at digging holes in the ground than making speeches, so let's forget the speech for this evening, just make it a simple blessing. You see, one man doesn't prospect from the ground. It takes a whole community of good people, such as yourselves... and, uh, this is good. We stay together. We pray together, we work together and, if the good Lord smiles kindly on our endeavor, we share in the wealth together. Now before we spud in Mary's Well number one - named for the lovely Miss Mary Sunday here by my side, a proud daughter of these hills - I'd just like to say God bless these honest labors of ours; and, of course, God bless you all. Amen.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ [first words] Daniel Plainview: There she is. There she is.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: Eli! Tragedy at the well last night. Eli Sunday: Yes, I heard. Daniel Plainview: Joe Ghunda was a man of considerable faith, so if you wish to say a few words, his burial's at noon, tomorrow. Eli Sunday: Daniel, this accident could have been avoided. It is terrible to think of that well working away out there, unblessed... Daniel Plainview: Yes, it could have. These men are working twelve hour shifts and they need their rest. If they don't have it, they start to make stupid mistakes... Eli Sunday: I've seen some of the men drinking. Don't you think that has something to do with it... Daniel Plainview: We need these men well rested to bring in this well. They can't get that if they're up here listening to your gospel, and then the well can't produce and blow gold all over the place... Eli Sunday: I wish I had more time with Joe Ghunda. More could have been done... Daniel Plainview: And then the well can't produce and blow gold all over the place. Now, would you see to it that his personal possessions find their way back to his family, please? Thank you. Heard you were planning some renovations? Eli Sunday: Yes. Our congregation is growing strongly. We need more room. Daniel Plainview: Well, that was one goddamn helluva show. [chuckles and walks off] Eli Sunday: We were happy to have you, Daniel.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: Mr. Bandy has a grandson. Have you met his grandson William? William Bandy is one of the finest members we have at the Church of The Third Revelation. He's eager to come to Hollywood to be in movies. He is very good-looking. And I do think he will have success.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ H.W. Plainview: How much are we gonna pay them? Daniel Plainview: Who's that? H.W. Plainview: Sunday family. Daniel Plainview: Well, I'm not gonna give them oil prices. I'll give them quail prices.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Prescott: We gain nothing by losing our heads!

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: Now go. Go and play some more, and don't come back.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: Mr. Bankside, I'm not going to waste your time; I'd certainly appreciate it if you didn't waste mine. Now, if you wish to sign with me, we can have a well drilling within ten days, but your lot is further north from the discovery well up here, and so... Well, that means we'll probably have to dig deeper. And if there's as much oil here as I think there is, it'll be harder to reach, but once we find it, we can take it right out. You have to act quickly, because very soon these fields will be dry. Now... I need you to know what you want to do. Now, because of the distance from the discovery well, I'll pay you a smaller royalty than you'd get down there, but I'm prepared to give you a thousand dollar bonus on your lot. Mr. Bankside: What kind of royalty are you talking about? Daniel Plainview: 1/6th, plus a guarantee to start drilling within ten days. Now, that's something you won't find anywhere else. [long silence] Daniel Plainview: What age your children, ma'am? Mrs. Bankside: 10 and 12. Mr. Plainview, a question, sir. Where is your wife? Daniel Plainview: She died in childbirth, Mrs. Bankside, so I... so... Well, it's just me and my son now.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: [Paul Sunday has offered to sell Plainview information] Why'd you come to me? Paul Sunday: You just brought this well in? Daniel Plainview: That's right. Paul Sunday: Yes, so just give me five hundred dollars in cash, right now, and I'll tell you where it is. Daniel Plainview: I'll tell you what I'll do, son. I'll give you a hundred dollars now and, if it proves to be a promising lease, then give a thousand dollar bonus... Paul Sunday: Six hundred dollars. Daniel Plainview: Just tell me one thing to help me decide. What else have you got up there. What do you grow? Paul Sunday: We have a big ranch, but it's mostly rocks. We can plant things; nothing will grow but weeds. What makes you think it's up? Fletcher Hamilton: Is there sulfur around, or alkali deposits? Paul Sunday: Alkali, nearby. I don't know sulfur. [notices H.W] Paul Sunday: Is that your son? Daniel Plainview: Yes. Paul Sunday: [to H.W] Hi. H.W. Plainview: Hi. Paul Sunday: [to Fletcher] Who are you? Fletcher Hamilton: I'm Fletcher Hamilton. Nice to meet you, son. What's your name? Paul Sunday: What do you do? Fletcher Hamilton: I work with Mr. Plainview. Daniel Plainview: Here's five hundred dollars. You tell me something worth hearing, this money's yours. Paul Sunday: I come from a town called Little Boston, in Isabella County.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: I want you to look over there. [points towards H.W] H.M. Tilford: Daniel, let me introduce you... Daniel Plainview: Look over there. You see? That's my son. You see him? H.M. Tilford: Yes. Daniel Plainview: You SEE? H.M. Tilford: I see him. Daniel Plainview: You don't tell me how to raise my family. I told you not to tell me how to raise my family. H.M. Tilford: Daniel... Daniel Plainview: So, what do you see? H.M. Tilford: I'm very happy for you that... Daniel Plainview: Yes, I've made a deal with Union. My son is happy. He's safe. H.M. Tilford: Congratulations. Daniel Plainview: I'm taking care of him now, so... H.M. Tilford: Excellent. Daniel Plainview: You look like a fool, don't you, Tilford? H.M. Tilford: [long pause] Yes. Daniel Plainview: J-j-j-j-j-j-yes. Yes, you do. H.M. Tilford: [embarrassed] Excuse me gentlemen... Daniel Plainview: Oh, excuse me gentlemen. Excuse him, gentlemen. Daniel Plainview: [to Tilford] I told you what I was gonna do. [drinks Tilford's whiskey]

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Gene Blaize: You boys are a regular family business.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: I wouldn't take the lease if you gave it to me as a gift.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: There are times when I see people and see nothing worth liking.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: Do you understand? Daniel Plainview: Do you understand, Eli? That's more to the point. Do you understand? I drink your water. I drink it up every day. I drink the blood of Lamb.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: What is it that brought you here, sir? Daniel Plainview: The Good Lord's guidance.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Henry: We can eat and get some women. Daniel Plainview: Take them to the Peachtree dance. l say, get liquored up and take them to the Peachtree dance.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: Who are you? Henry: I'm no one.

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Eli Sunday: What about our oil? Daniel Plainview: What about it? Eli Sunday: We have oil here. That's worth something. Daniel Plainview: Do you have someone who can drill for it? Do you think there's oil here? Eli Sunday: I know there is. Daniel Plainview: lt's very expensive to drill. To get it up and out of the ground. You ever tried that before? Eli Sunday: How much is it? Daniel Plainview: Costly. Eli Sunday: Well, our oil sits right up on top of the ground. Daniel Plainview: l believe that's called seepage. Doesn't necessarily mean there's anything underneath. Eli Sunday: What would you give us for it?

§There Will Be Blood ¤ Daniel Plainview: -I'd be happy to work with you. Eli Sunday: -You would? Eli Sunday: Yes, yes, of course. That's wonderful. Daniel Plainview: But there is one condition for this work. Eli Sunday: All right. Daniel Plainview: I'd like you to tell me that you are a false prophet. Daniel Plainview: I'd like you to tell me that you are, and have been a false prophet. Daniel Plainview: And that God is a superstition. Eli Sunday: But that's a lie. Eli Sunday: It's a lie. I cannot say it. [grinning] Eli Sunday: -When can we begin to drill? Daniel Plainview: -Very soon. Eli Sunday: How long will it take to bring in the well? Daniel Plainview: It shouldn't take long. Eli Sunday: I would like a $100,000 signing bonus, plus the five that is owed to me with interest. Daniel Plainview: That's only fair. Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet, and God is a superstition. Eli Sunday: If that's what you believe, then I will say it. Daniel Plainview: -Say it like you mean it. Eli Sunday: -Daniel. Daniel Plainview: Say it like it's your sermon. Daniel Plainview: Don't smile. Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet. -God is a superstition. Daniel Plainview: -Why don't you stand up? Put your glass down. Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet. God is a superstition. Daniel Plainview: -Eli, stop. Just imagine this is your church here and you have a full congregation, so... Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet. God is a superstition. Daniel Plainview: Say it again. Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet. God is a superstition. Daniel Plainview: They can't hear you at the back. Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet. God is a superstition. Daniel Plainview: Say it again. Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet! God is a superstition! Daniel Plainview: Say it again. Eli Sunday: I am a false prophet! God is a superstition! Daniel Plainview: Those areas have been drilled.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] In Vegas, everybody's gotta watch everybody else. Since the players are looking to beat the casino, the dealers are watching the players. The box men are watching the dealers. The floor men are watching the box men. The pit bosses are watching the floor men. The shift bosses are watching the pit bosses. The casino manager is watching the shift bosses. I'm watching the casino manager. And the eye-in-the-sky is watching us all.

§Casino ¤ [first lines] Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] When you love someone, you've gotta trust them. There's no other way. You've got to give them the key to everything that's yours. Otherwise, what's the point? And for a while, I believed, that's the kind of love I had. [Ace's car explodes]

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] No matter how big a guy might be, Nicky would take him on. You beat Nicky with fists, he comes back with a bat. You beat him with a knife, he comes back with a gun. And if you beat him with a gun, you better kill him, because he'll keep comin' back and back until one of you is dead.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [to Don] Listen to me very carefully. There are three ways of doing things around here: the right way, the wrong way, and the way that *I* do it. You understand?

§Casino ¤ [Last lines] Ace Rothstein: [narrating] The town will never be the same. After the Tangiers, the big corporations took it all over. Today it looks like Disneyland. And while the kids play cardboard pirates, Mommy and Daddy drop the house payments and Junior's college money on the poker slots. In the old days, dealers knew your name, what you drank, what you played. Today, it's like checkin' into an airport. And if you order room service, you're lucky if you get it by Thursday. Today, it's all gone. You get a whale show up with four million in a suitcase, and some twenty-five-year-old hotel school kid is gonna want his Social Security Number. After the Teamsters got knocked out of the box, the corporations tore down practically every one of the old casinos. And where did the money come from to rebuild the pyramids? Junk bonds. But in the end, I wound up right back where I started. I could still pick winners, and I could still make money for all kinds of people back home. And why mess up a good thing? And that's that.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: I think in all fairness, I should explain to you exactly what it is that I do. For instance tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and... walk in and see and, uh... if you don't have my money for me, I'll... crack your fuckin' head wide-open in front of everybody in the bank. And just about the time that I'm comin' out of jail, hopefully, you'll be coming out of your coma. And guess what? I'll split your fuckin' head open again. 'Cause I'm fuckin' stupid. I don't give a fuck about jail. That's my business. That's what I do.

§Casino ¤ Flirting Executive: Hello Mrs. Rothstein, how are you? [kisses her hand] Flirting Executive: You're one of the most gorgeous women I've ever seen. You're a lucky man, Mr. Rothstein. Ace Rothstein: [hesitant] Thank you, thanks for that compliment. Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] He was a young kid from the casino. Nice kid, bright boy. What balls on this fuckin' kid. The next day I fired him.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: [voice-over] A lot of holes in the desert, and a lot of problems are buried in those holes. But you gotta do it right. I mean, you gotta have the hole already dug before you show up with a package in the trunk. Otherwise, you're talking about a half-hour to forty-five minutes worth of digging. And who knows who's gonna come along in that time? Pretty soon, you gotta dig a few more holes. You could be there all fuckin' night.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Where the fuck do you get off talking to people about me behind my back, going over my head? Ace Rothstein: What people? Nicky Santoro: What people, d'ja think I wasn't gonna find out? Ace Rothstein: I don't even know what you're talking about Nick... Nicky Santoro: No? You said I'm bringing heat on YOU? I gotta listen to people because of your fuckin shit? You're orderin me out? You better get your own fuckin army pal! Ace Rothstein: I didn't do anything, I mean, I didn't order you or anybody. I only told Andy Stone that you had a lot of heat on you and that was a problem. Nicky Santoro: You want me to get out of my own fuckin town? Ace Rothstein: Yeah I said l-let the bullshit blow over for a while, so I can run the casino. Anything goes wrong with the casino it's my ass, it's not yours, it's my ass! Nicky Santoro: Oh I don't know whether you know this or not, but you only have your fuckin casino because I made that possible. I'm what counts out here, not your fuckin country clubs or your fuckin TV shows! And what the fuck are you doing on TV anyhow? You know I get calls from back home every fuckin day, they think you went bat shit! Ace Rothstein: I'm only on TV because I got to be able to hang around the casino. You understand that, you know that, come on. Nicky Santoro: Your fuckin ass! You coulda had the food and beverage job without going on television. You wanted to go on TV. Ace Rothstein: Yeah I did want to go on TV. That way I have a forum, I can fight back. I'm known. People see me. They know they can't fuck around with me like they could if I was an unknown, that's right, yeah! Nicky Santoro: You're making a big fuckin spectacle of yourself! Ace Rothstein: Me? I wouldn't even be in this situation if it wasn't for you. You brought down so much fuckin heat on me, I mean every time I meet somebody the big question is "do I know you?" Nicky Santoro: Oh sure now you wanna bring your fuckin license on me, is that it? Ace Rothstein: No, Nicky, when you asked me if you could come out here, what did I tell you? I mean you asked me and I know you were gonna come out no matter what I said, but what did I tell you? Do you remember what I told you? Do you remember what I told you? Nicky Santoro: Back- Back up, back up a fuckin' minute here. One minute. I asked you? When the fuck did I ever ask you if I could come out here? Get this through your head, you... Ace Rothstein: You never... Nicky Santoro: Get this through your head you Jew motherfucker, you. You only exist out here because of me. That's the only reason. Without me, you, personally, every fuckin' wise guy skell around'll take a piece of your fuckin' Jew ass. Then where you gonna go? You're fuckin' warned. Don't ever go over my fuckin' head again. You motherfucker, you.

§Casino ¤ [Describing Kansas City family underboss Piscano] Nicky Santoro: This guy could fuck up a cup of coffee.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: I'm just curious. I saw you shuffling your checks with your right hand. Can you do that with both hands? Signaller: No. Ace Rothstein: Can't do it with both hands? Signaller: No, sir. Ace Rothstein: Can you do it with your left hand? Signaller: Well, I... I never tried. Ace Rothstein: So you're a righty? Signaller: Yeah. [one of the guards repeatedly bangs the signaller's right hand with a hammer] Ace Rothstein: Now you're gonna have to learn with your left hand.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: From now on, I want you to put an equal amount of blueberries in each muffin. Ace Rothstein: ...An equal amount of blueberries in each muffin. Baker: Do you know how long that's going to take? Ace Rothstein: I don't care how long it takes. Put an equal amount in each muffin.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: [to Ace] I lost control? Look at you, you're fucking walking around like John Barrymore! A fucking pink robe and a fucking cigarette holder? I lost control?

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: [narrating] it wasn't long before what I was afraid what was going to happen: happened, Nicky managed to get himself banned from every casino in Las Vegas, from then on I couldn't be seen talking to him anywhere in Vegas or anywhere near it. Nicky Santoro: [meeting at Idle Spurs bar after reading a letter from the government informing him of his banishment] so in other words: I'm fucked. Ace Rothstein: In so many words, yes. Ace Rothstein: [Narrating] It just didn't sink into his head what the Black Book is and what it meant, not being banned from every casino is just one thing but being this book gets you into the brains of every cop and FBI agent in the state, I mean you're listed in there with Al Capone, but Nicky didn't care.

§Casino ¤ Remo Gaggi: The little guy. He wouldn't be fucking the Jew's wife, would he?

§Casino ¤ Vinny Forlano: He won't talk. Stone is a good kid. Stand-up guy, just like his old man. That's the way I see it. Vincent Borelli: I agree. He's solid. A fuckin' Marine. Americo Capelli: He's okay. He always was. Remo, what do you think? Remo Gaggi: Look... why take a chance? At least, that's the way I feel about it.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: Back home, they would have put me in jail for what I'm doing. Here, they're giving me awards.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and to keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose, and in the end, we get it all.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Listen to me Anthony. I got your head in a fuckin' vise. I'll squash your head like a fuckin' grapefruit if you don't give me a name. Don't make me have to do this, please. Don't make me be a bad guy, come on. Tony Dogs: Fuck you. Nicky Santoro: This motherfucker, you believe this? Two fucking days and nights! Fuck me? *Fuck me?* You motherfucker! [turning the crank] Nicky Santoro: Fuck my mother? That's what you fucking tell me? You motherfucker you!

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] he had a fool-proof scheme, all right. It wasn't very scientific but it worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves. What were they gonna do? Muscle Nicky? Nicky was the muscle.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: That black book's a joke. It's only got two names in it for the whole country. And one of them's still Al Capone.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: And we know what you do, don't we Charlie? You fuck people out of money and get away with it. Charlie Clark: You can't talk to me like that... Nicky Santoro: Hey, you fat Irish prick! You put my fucking money to sleep. You go get my fucking money or I'll put your fucking brain to sleep.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: [after beating Joe until he cries] You hear a little girl, Frankie? Is that a little girl, Ace? Is that a little fuckin' girl? What happened to the fuckin' tough guy who told my friend to stick it up his fuckin' ass?

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] Whoever it was, they put the dynamite under the passenger's side. But what they didn't know, what nobody outside the factory knew, was that that model car was made with a metal plate under the driver's seat. It's the only thing that saved my life.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Fuckin' Jews stick together, don't they? Frank Marino: They're havin' a good time. Nicky Santoro: Yeah? So are we.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: Four reels, sevens across on three $15,000 jackpots. Do you have any idea what the odds are? Don Ward: Shoot, it's gotta be in the millions, maybe more. Ace Rothstein: Three fuckin' jackpots in 20 minutes? Why didn't you pull the machines? Why didn't you call me? Don Ward: Well, it happened so quick, 3 guys won; I didn't have a chance... Ace Rothstein: [interrupts] You didn't see the scam? You didn't see what was going on? Don Ward: Well, there's no way to determine that... Ace Rothstein: Yes there is! An infallible way, they won! Don Ward: Well, it's a casino! People gotta win sometimes. Ace Rothstein: [grows more irritated] Ward, you're pissing me off. Now you're insulting my intelligence; what you think I am, a fuckin' idiot? You know goddamn well that someone had to get into those machines and set those fuckin' reels. The probability of one four-reel machine is a million and a half to one; the probability of three machines in a row; it's in the billions! It cannot happen, would not happen, you fuckin' momo! What's the matter with you? Didn't you see you were being set up on the second win? Don Ward: I really think... Ace Rothstein: [interrupts] Wait! You didn't see that you were being set up on the second win? Don Ward: I really think you're overreacting... Ace Rothstein: Listen, you fuckin' yokel, I've had it with you. I've been carrying your ass in this place ever since I got here. Get your ass and get your things and get out of here. Don Ward: You're firing me? Ace Rothstein: I'm firing you. No, I'm not firing, I'm firing you, ya... Don Ward: You might regret this, Mr. Rothstein. Ace Rothstein: I'll regret it even more if I keep you on. Don Ward: This is not the way to treat people. Ace Rothstein: Listen, if you didn't know you were being scammed you're too fuckin' dumb to keep this job, if you did know, you were in on it. Either way, YOU'RE OUT! Get out. Go on, let's go.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] The bombing was never authorized, but I suspect I know who lit the fuse. And so did the powers that be.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Ace don't... listen, don't... don't make a scene, all right? Ace Rothstein: I want to just talk. I want to talk to that Irish bitch. Nicky Santoro: She didn't know who to turn to. She... she didn't know where to turn. She was tryin' to save your marriage. Ace Rothstein: Yeah? Nicky, I want to talk to that fuckin' bitch. Nicky Santoro: Hey, be fuckin' nice. Calm. Be nice. Don't fuck up in here,

§Casino ¤ [Closeup of the Cowboy's white-socked feet with no shoes on a poker table] Ace Rothstein: [to Billy Sherbert, referring to Cowboy] I don't give a shit who he's connected to. Tell him to take his fucking feet off the table. What's he think this is, a goddamn sawdust joint? Billy Sherbert: [approaches Cowboy] Sir, would you mind taking your feet off the table and putting your shoes on, please? Cowboy: [sighs] Yeah, I would mind. I'm having a bad night. Billy Sherbert: [returning to Ace] Fucking asshole won't budge. Ace Rothstein: [smoking a cigarette] Call security. [approaching Cowboy and says firmly] Ace Rothstein: How are you? Cowboy: Good. How are you? Ace Rothstein: Good. You want to do me a favor? You want to take your feet off the table and put your shoes back on? Cowboy: Fuck you. [Ace walks nearby to Security Guards] Ace Rothstein: I want you vacate this guy off the premises, and I want you to exit him off his feet and use his head to open the fucking door. [Three security guards approach Cowboy] Security Guard: Sir, you're gonna have to leave. You mind accompanying us outside? Cowboy: Bullshit, I ain't going anywhere. Security Guard: Bullshit, you're out of here, cowboy! [Security Guard knocks his feet off the table, as the others lift him off his seat] Cowboy: Fuck you! FUCK YOU! Security Guard: Yeah? Cowboy: You know who you're fucking with? Huh? Do you? You fucking faggot! Do you know who you're fucking with? Huh? Do you? Security Guard: Now, move along. Cowboy: [screaming at Ace, who follows him] You fucking faggot! Do you know who you're fucking with? [the Security Guards carry him out and forcefully shove him towards a side exit] Cowboy: Leave me alone! Security Guard: Here we go. Cowboy: [grunting] You gotta be kidding me! [Security Guards lift him off his feet and, holding him like a battering ram, smash his head into the door] Ace Rothstein: [voiceover, after having cowboy thrown out] Sure enough, an hour later, I get the call. Nicky Santoro: [into telephone] Ace, what happened over there? I mean, did you know that guy you threw out was with me? [in background the cowboy stands there with some other guys] Ace Rothstein: [into telephone] No, I didn't know that. But you know what he did? Nicky Santoro: No. [He gives Cowboy a look] Ace Rothstein: He insulted Billy. And then I walked over to him politely and he tells me to go fuck myself. Nicky Santoro: What? Ace Rothstein: Then he called me a faggot. So what do you think I do? I threw that cocksucker out. Nicky Santoro: What? Hold on a second. [He puts down the phone, to Cowboy] Nicky Santoro: Hey, come here. [Cowboy walks up to him] Nicky Santoro: You called my friend a faggot? You tell him to go fuck himself? Cowboy: [stuttering] Nicky, I didn't - I did - I didn't... Nicky Santoro: [angry] Is that what you did? Tell him to go fuck himself? You fucking hick! Fucking. [Nicky hits Cowboy on the head with phone. He falls back, groaning. Ace listens to the noise of Nicky roughing up Cowboy] Nicky Santoro: You big fucking hick, you. Come here. Come here. [to Frank Marino] Nicky Santoro: Get him up. Come here. Frank Marino: Get up, get up. Nicky Santoro: [to Cowboy] You go over there right now and you apologize. You better hope he lets you back in. If you ever get out of line over there again, I'll smash your fucking head so hard you won't be able to get that cowboy hat on. You hear me? Fucking hick. [backs on the phone] Nicky Santoro: Sammy, listen. This guy obviously doesn't know who he was talking to, you understand? He doesn't know that, uh, we're dear friends. I mean, he's already very sorry. But, uh, if you could do me a favor to let him back in, I swear to you he'll never get out of line again. I promise you that. Ace Rothstein: If he does it again, he's out for good. I don't care what it is, Nick, I'm gonna ha- I'll - I'll never let him in the place again. Nicky Santoro: I'm sorry about this. Really. All right, Ace? Ace Rothstein: Okay. Nicky Santoro: Thanks, pal. [hangs up and turns to cowboy for round two of his scolding] Nicky Santoro: You took your boots off? You put your feet on the table... you shit-kicking, stinky, horse-manure-smelling motherfucker you! You fuck me up over there, I'll stick you in a hole in the fucking desert! You understand? [slapping Cowboy in the face] Nicky Santoro: Go over there and apologize. [kicking the chastined Cowboy away] Nicky Santoro: Go! Get the fuck out of here! Cowboy: Nicky, I'm sorry!

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: Now you need approval from him to go home? Ginger: So what? So who fucking blew you in the parking lot before you came in, huh? Ace Rothstein: You make me sick, you fuck. Once a fuckin' hooker, always a hooker. Ginger: Oh, fuck you! Fuck you, Sam Rothstein! *Fuck you*!

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: We're supposed to be robbin' this place, you dumb fuckin' Hebe.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] Normally, my prospects of coming back alive from a meeting with Nicky were 99 out of 100. But this time, when I heard him say "a couple of hundred yards down the road", I gave myself 50-50.

§Casino ¤ [From trailer] Ace Rothstein: I tried to do everything I could for you, even though I knew, deep down inside, you would bury me. Nicky Santoro: I bury you? You buried yourself.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: You know, I don't know if I could do this even if I wanted to. The Gaming Commission would never give me a license. I have at least two dozen gambling and bookmaking pinches on me. Andy Stone: You don't have to have a license to work in a casino. All you gotta do is apply for one. The state law says you can work in a casino while they're processing your application. They got a ten-year backlog. Ace Rothstein: But what happens when they do find out? Andy Stone: Why would they want to find out? We're putting a hundred million into this desert here. Why would they want to lock us out? And besides, they'll never find out. All you got to do is keep changing your job title. Like, uh, from Casino Executive to Food and Beverage Chairman. And what happens is they take your application and they put it at the bottom of the pile. I know guys working there for thirty years who don't have a license. Ace Rothstein: [Exhales] It's a tough proposition, Andy. You know, if I did it, I'd have to run it my way. Andy Stone: You got it. Ace Rothstein: I'm serious. No interference. Andy Stone: Nobody's going to interfere with you running the casino. I guarantee it.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Peek-a-boo, you fucks, you!

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: Are you out of your fucking mind? You tie up our kid and lock the fucking door? Are you out of your mind? That's our child. Are you out of your fucking mind? Ginger: It was just for a little while, Sam. The baby-sitter wasn't there. Ace Rothstein: I ought to fucking have you committed. You fucking do that again, I'll... Ginger: I was just gonna be out for a little while. She was asleep. I was gonna be right back before she even woke up. Ace Rothstein: Listen. Listen, you fucking cunt. Listen to me. Ginger: Fuck you. I was gonna be back before she woke up. Ace Rothstein: Listen to me. Listen carefully. You ever touch her again, you ever do anything like that again, I'll fucking kill ya, pure and simple. You hear me? Pure and fuckin' simple. Ginger: Why don't you just let me go, Sam? Ace Rothstein: I'll fucking kill you. You fucking whore. Ginger: I'll sign anything you want me to sign. I just want the key to my jewelry, and I want you to let me go. Ace Rothstein: You want your jewelry? Ginger: I want you to let me go. Ace Rothstein: And let you disgrace me, you fucking pig? Let you disgrace me? Get up and be a mother. Get in the car and go to the house right now. Get up and get in the... get... get up. Get up! Ginger: [Being forced toward the door] I wouldn't do that if I were you. I wouldn't do that... Ace Rothstein: Get the fuck... are you threatening me? I'll fucking kill you in this place. Get up and go home. Ginger: I'm going! I'm going!

§Casino ¤ [repeated line] Ace Rothstein: I can't do that.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: What are you staring at you bald-headed Jew prick?

§Casino ¤ [a plane just landed on the golf course] Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] The Feds were watching Nicky play golf for so long that they ran out of gas. Just what I needed, right in front of the control board. Nicky Santoro: A hundred dollars to whoever hits the plane.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: If a guy fucking tripped over a banana peel, they'd bring me in for it.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Fuckin' bosses. I mean, they're smokin' their Di Nobilis and they're eatin' a trippa and fuckin' suffritt', you know, fried pigs guts? While, if I wanna talk private, I gotta go to a fuckin' bus stop.

§Casino ¤ Female Newscaster: Good evening, everyone. I'm Paige Novodor. What should've been a routine licensing hearing turned into bedlam yesterday when the flamboyant Tangiers Casino executive, Sam "Ace" Rothstein, accused the state's top gaming officials of corruption and hypocrisy. Ace Rothstein: What are you running for, Bob? What are you running for? Don't you remember? You promised me a fair hearing when you were getting comped at my hotel, and you were asking me for copies of your bills so you could put 'em on your expense account! Female Newscaster: In a wild and unprecedented outburst that followed his gaming license denial, Rothstein followed several stunned commissioners into the hallway, where he continued his harangue until his own lawyers and friends urged him to leave. Ace Rothstein: Politics! Politicians! We all have a past. You have a past. I have a past. And my past is no worse than yours. But you guys think you have the right to pass judgement on me! Female Newscaster: Long suspected of running the Tangiers without a gaming license, yesterday's hearing was to determine whether someone with Rothstein's checkered past history was qualified to officially hold a top gaming post. Ace Rothstein: Lousy hypocrites!

§Casino ¤ [Blue has been shot] Cop 1: Jesus Christ! What gun? He's got a fucking hero sandwich here. Cop 2: What do you want? It's pitch black. It's tinfoil. It looked like a gun! Cop 1: You moron! I'll be doing paperwork for two months because of you and this piece of shit, you fuckin' jerk-off.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: You fucking mo-mo, what's the matter with you?

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: [voice-over] They had enough of Nicky. They had enough. I mean, how much more were they gonna take? So, they made an example of him and his brother: they buried them while they were still breathing.

§Casino ¤ Ginger: [doing lines next to Amy] You shouldn't do this.

§Casino ¤ Ace Rothstein: Back home, they would have put me in jail for what I'm doing. But out here, they're givin' me awards.

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Take this stiff and pound it up your fucking ass!

§Casino ¤ Nicky Santoro: Think he got the point? Ace Rothstein: What are you doing? He's a square guy, for christ's sakes. You can't treat him like that. He's gonna run to the FBI. Nicky Santoro: Fuck the FBI! That prick's been dodging me for three weeks. And what is it with you? All of a sudden, you're trying to tell me what to do all the time. Ace Rothstein: I'm not trying to tell you what to do. But you were way out of line, Nick. What're you doing? Where's your head? Nicky Santoro: Where's my head? Where's your fucking balls? Huh? You know I'm trying to put something really big together out here. You know what I'm talking about, huh? You know! If you're acting like this now, how can I depend on you? There's a lot of things going to change out here. And if you wanna be there with me, Sammy, you're going to have to go my fucking way. Ace Rothstein: Listen, Nick, you got to understand my situation. I'm responsible for thousands of people. I got a hundred million a year going through the place. It's all over, I'm going to tell you, it's all over, if I don't get that license. And believe me, if it goes bad for me, it's gonna go bad for a lot of people, you understand? Nicky Santoro: Yeah, forget about your fucking license. I plant my own flag out here, you ain't gonna need a fucking license. [pause] Nicky Santoro: You know, I don't know what it is, Sammy, but the more I talk to you, the more I feel like you just don't want to go along with me, is that it? You should say so. Ace Rothstein: No, I don't want to come along with you. I'll be honest with you. Nicky Santoro: Just say so- All right, fine. Ace Rothstein: I don't want to be involved in anything you're talking about, okay? I just want to run a square joint. That's it. I just want my license. I want everything nice and quiet. That's it. Nicky Santoro: You mean, quiet like this? [holds up a magazine] Nicky Santoro: "I'm the boss." That's quiet? Ace Rothstein: That's all taken out of context. I have no control over that. Ronnie and Billy were right there. They'll tell you exactly what happened. Nicky Santoro: Well, back home they don't know about fucking control. That looks bad. Ace Rothstein: Looks bad? I'm going to tell you what looks bad. Every time you're on television, I get mentioned. That looks bad. That looks bad! Nicky Santoro: What the fuck happened to you? Will you tell me? Ace Rothstein: What happened to me? What happened to you? You lost your control. Nicky Santoro: I lost control? Look at you! You're fucking walking around like John Barrymore! A fucking pink robe and a fucking cigarette holder? I lost control? You know, I didn't want to bring this up, but you have treating a lot of people with a lot of disrespect. Even your own wife. Ace Rothstein: My wife? Nicky Santoro: Yeah. Ace Rothstein: Now, what does she have to do with all this? Nicky Santoro: Well, she comes to see me. She was upset about a lot of things, especially that whole fuckin' Diamond - that Lester Diamond incident. Ace Rothstein: All of a sudden, you're the shoulder to cry on? Did you at least tell her about your little role in that whole situation? Nicky Santoro: No, I didn't. What good would that do? That's not the fucking point. The point is that she's upset. She's - and you got a fucking problem. Ace Rothstein: Listen, I would appreciate it if you'd stay out of my personal life, okay? You wouldn't like it if I did it to you.

§Casino ¤ Frank Marino: [narrating] What could I say? I knew if I gave them the wrong answer, I mean, Nicky, Ginger, Ace - all of them could have wound up getting killed. Because there's one thing about these old timers: they don't like any fucking around with the other guys' wives. It's bad for business. So I lied, even though I knew that by lying to Gaggi, I could wind up getting killed too.

§Shutter Island ¤ [last lines] Teddy Daniels: You know, this place makes me wonder. Chuck Aule: Yeah, what's that, boss? Teddy Daniels: Which would be worse - to live as a monster, or to die as a good man? [gets up and walks off] Chuck Aule: Teddy?

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: So, what's our next move? Chuck Aule: You tell me. Teddy Daniels: I gotta get off this rock, Chuck. Get back to the mainland. Whatever the hell's going on here, it's bad. [pause] Teddy Daniels: [sotto voce] Don't worry, partner, they're not gonna catch us. Chuck Aule: That's right, we're too smart for 'em. Teddy Daniels: Yeah, we are, aren't we? [pause] Teddy Daniels: You know, this place makes me wonder. Chuck Aule: Yeah, what's that, boss? Teddy Daniels: Which would be worse - to live as a monster? Or to die as a good man?

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: I had a friend. I was with him yesterday, but we got separated. Have you seen him? Rachel 2: Marshal... you have no friends.

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: I'm sorry, Honey. I love this thing because you gave it to me. But the truth is... it is one fuckin' ugly tie.

§Shutter Island ¤ George Noyce: This is a game. All of this is for you. You're not investigating anything. You're a fucking rat in a maze.

§Shutter Island ¤ [recurring line] Teddy Daniels: Why are you all wet, baby?

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. John Cawley: Sanity's not a choice, Marshall. You can't just choose to get over it.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Did you know that the word 'trauma' comes from the Greek for 'wound'? Hm? And what is the German word for 'dream'? Traum. Ein Traum. Wounds can create monsters, and you, you are wounded, Marshal. And wouldn't you agree, when you see a monster, you... you must stop it? Teddy Daniels: Yeah... I agree. [injects him with a sedative]

§Shutter Island ¤ Rachel 2: You're smarter than you look, Marshal. That's probably not a good thing.

§Shutter Island ¤ George Noyce: You wanna uncover the truth? You gotta let her go. Teddy Daniels: I can't. George Noyce: You have to let her go! Teddy Daniels: I can't! I can't! George Noyce: Then you'll never leave this island.

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: After she tried to kill herself the first time, Dolores told me she... she had an insect living inside her brain. She could feel it clicking across her skull, just... pulling the wires, just for fun. She told me that. She told me that but I didn't listen. I loved her so much.

§Shutter Island ¤ [Dr. Cawley has asked the marshals about their preferred drinks] Teddy Daniels: Soda and ice, please, thanks. Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Oh. You don't indulge in alcohol? I'm surprised. Isn't it common for men in your profession to imbibe? Teddy Daniels: Common enough. And... in yours? Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Er... I'm sorry? Teddy Daniels: Your profession, Doctor, psychiatry. Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Yes? Teddy Daniels: I always heard it was overrun with boozers and drunks. Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Not that I noticed. Teddy Daniels: What's that, ice tea in your glass there? Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: [laughs, despite himself] Excellent, Marshal. You have outstanding defense mechanisms. You must be quite adept at interrogations.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: You both served overseas, huh? Chuck Aule: It's not much of a stretch, Doc. For all you know, we're both paper pushers over there. Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: No, you are not. - Since the schoolyard, neither of you has ever walked away from a physical conflict. No, no, not because you enjoyed it, but because retreat isn't something you consider an option. Chuck Aule: We weren't raised to run, Doc. Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Ah, yes. Raised. And who raised you, Marshal? Teddy Daniels: Me? Wolves. [Dr. Naehring and Dr. Cawley laugh again] Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Very impressive defense mechanisms.

§Shutter Island ¤ Rachel 2: Do you know how pain enters the body, Marshal? Do you? Teddy Daniels: Depends on where you're hurt? Rachel 2: No, it has nothing to do with the flesh. The brain controls pain.

§Shutter Island ¤ Rachel 2: Fifty years from now, people will look back and say, "Here, at this place, is where it all began. The Nazis used the Jews, Soviets used prisoners in their own Gulags. And we - we tested patients on Shutter Island."

§Shutter Island ¤ Nurse Marino: [Daniels has asked the staff about Rachel's activities before her disappearance] She was in a group therapy session. Teddy Daniels: Anything unusual occur? Nurse Marino: Define 'unusual'. Teddy Daniels: Excuse me? Nurse Marino: This is a mental institution, Marshal. For the criminally insane. Usual isn't a big part of our day.

§Shutter Island ¤ Warden: If I was to sink my teeth into your eye right now, would you be able to stop me before I blinded you? Teddy Daniels: Give it a try. Warden: That's the spirit.

§Shutter Island ¤ Rachel 2: You're smarter than you look, Marshall. That's probably not a good thing.

§Shutter Island ¤ Warden: Did you enjoy God's latest gift? Teddy Daniels: What? Warden: God's gift. Your violence. [Daniels looks at him blankly] Warden: When I came downstairs in my home, and I saw that tree in my living room, it reached out for me... a divine hand. God loves violence. Teddy Daniels: I... I hadn't noticed. Warden: Sure you have. Why else would there be so much of it? It's in us. It's what we are. We wage war, we burn sacrifices, and pillage and plunder and tear at the flesh of our brothers. And why? Because God gave us violence to wage in his honor. Teddy Daniels: I thought God gave us moral order. Warden: There's no moral order as pure as this storm. There's no moral order at all. There's just this: can my violence conquer yours?

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. John Cawley: It's my job to treat the patients, not their victims.

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: They're experimenting on people here. Chuck Aule: I don't know, boss. How can you believe a crazy guy? Teddy Daniels: That's the beauty of it. Mental Patients make the perfect subjects, if they talk nobody listens to them!

§Shutter Island ¤ Warden: You're as violent as they come. I know this, because I'm as violent as they come. If the constraints of society were lifted, and I was all that stood between you and a meal, you would crack my skull with a rock and eat my meaty parts. Wouldn't you?

§Shutter Island ¤ Dolores Chanal: Let's put them at the table, we'll dry them off, change their clothes. They'll be our living dolls, huh? Tomorrow we can take them on a picnic. Teddy Daniels: If you ever loved me, Dolores, please stop talking.

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: Is there a reason, doctor, why you keep referring to your patient in the past tense? Dr. John Cawley: Take a look outside, marshall. [nods to the storm outside] Dr. John Cawley: . Why do you think?

§Shutter Island ¤ Chuck Aule: All I know is it's a mental hospital. Teddy Daniels: ...for the criminally insane.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dolores Chanal: Set me free.

§Shutter Island ¤ [recurring line] Teddy Daniels: We gotta get off this rock, Chuck.

§Shutter Island ¤ Warden: [Leaning across the jeep to Teddy as he lets him out] If I was to sink my teeth into your eye right now, would you be able to stop me before I blinded you? Teddy Daniels: [Wryly] Give it a try. Warden: That's the spirit! [He smiles]

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. John Cawley: [examines Rachel's note] Ah, this is definitely Rachel's handwriting. I have no idea... what the "Law of Four" is, though. Teddy Daniels: It's not a psychiatric term? Dr. John Cawley: No, I'm afraid not. Chuck Aule: [reads the note] "Who is 67?" Fucked if I know. Dr. John Cawley: I have to say that's quite close to my clinical conclusion.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: Men like you are my specialty, you know. Men of violence. Chuck Aule: Now, that's a hell of an assumption to make. Dr. Jeremiah Naehring: No assumption, no, not at all. You misunderstand me. I said, you are 'men of violence'. I'm not accusing you of being violent men. That's quite different.

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: I could come get you, get, get you off this island. Rachel 2: Haven't you heard a word I've said? The only way off the island is the ferry, and they control it. You'll never leave here.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. John Cawley: [re: Rachel] We don't know how she got out of her room. It was locked from the outside. And the only window's barred. It's as if she evaporated, straight through the walls.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. John Cawley: You blew up my car. I really loved that car.

§Shutter Island ¤ George Noyce: Been alone much since you got here?

§Shutter Island ¤ Chuck Aule: Nice music, who is that, Brahms? Teddy Daniels: [pauses] No. It's Mahler.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. John Cawley: Why are you all wet, baby?

§Shutter Island ¤ Dolores Chanal: [holding a liquor flask] I found a whole stack of these, Teddy. Jesus, are you ever sober any more? Teddy Daniels: I killed a lot of people in the war. Dolores Chanal: Is that why you drink?

§Shutter Island ¤ [first lines] Teddy Daniels: Pull yourself together, Teddy. Pull yourself together.

§Shutter Island ¤ George Noyce: She's... fucking with your head!

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: So this female prisoner... Dr. John Cawley: Patient. Teddy Daniels: Sorry... patient, one Rachel Solando, escaped sometime in the last 24 hours. Dr. John Cawley: Last night between ten and midnight. Chuck Aule: Is she considered dangerous? Dr. John Cawley: You could say that. She killed all three of her children.

§Shutter Island ¤ Chuck Aule: You okay boss? Teddy Daniels: Yeah fine, I just ah, I just can't, can't stomach the water.

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: I am a federal Marshall. They can't stop me. Rachel 2: I was an esteemed psychiatrist from a respected family. Didn't matter.

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: We are duly appointed Federal Marshals.

§Shutter Island ¤ Dr. John Cawley: McPherson's a good man. He believes in the work we do here. Teddy Daniels: And what would that be, exactly? Dr. John Cawley: A moral fusion between law and order and clinical care. Chuck Aule: Pardon me, Doc. A what between what and what?

§Shutter Island ¤ Teddy Daniels: He's here, Laeddis, I can feel him.

§Ran ¤ Kyoami: Man is born crying. When he has cried enough, he dies.

§Ran ¤ Kyoami: In a mad world only the mad are sane.

§Ran ¤ Kyoami: Are there no gods... no Buddha? If you exist, hear me. You are mischievous and cruel! Are you so bored up there you must crush us like ants? Is it such fun to see men weep? Tango: Enough! Do not blaspheme! It is the gods who weep. They see us killing each other over and over since time began. They can't save us from ourselves.

§Ran ¤ Hidetora: I am lost... Kyoami: Such is the human condition.

§Ran ¤ Kyoami: Why stay with this mad old man? If the rock you stay on starts to roll, jump clean. Or you'll go with it and be squashed. Only a fool stays aboard.

§Ran ¤ Kyoami: A serpent's egg is white and pure. A bird's is speckled and soiled. Hidetora: This is a castle... Here's a wall. Kyoami: The bird left the speckled egg for the white. Hidetora: Strange... Kyoami: The egg cracks; out comes a snake. Hidetora: Empty space above the wall. Why? Kyoami: The bird is gobbled by the snake. Hidetora: Where am I? Who am I? Kyoami: Stupid bird!

§Ran ¤ Tango: Men prefer sorrow over joy... suffering over peace!

§Ran ¤ Kyoami: Some people can get along fine without God, but everyone seems to need a devil.

§Ran ¤ Hidetora: What madness have I spoken? Wherein lies my senility? Saburo Naotora Ichimonji: I'll tell you. What kind of world do we live in? One barren of loyalty and feeling. Hidetora: I'm aware of that. Saburo Naotora Ichimonji: So you should be! You spilled an ocean of blood. You showed no mercy, no pity. We too are children of this age... weaned on strife and chaos. We are your sons, yet you count on our fidelity. In my eyes, that makes you a fool. A senile old fool!

§Ran ¤ Hidetora: The Great Lord goes nowhere alone. Jiro: You renounced your power. You have no need of an escort. Hidetora: Only the birds and the beasts live in solitude.

§Ran ¤ Kurogane: Saburo is not our only enemy. Jiro: So what? If they attack, we retaliate. We grab their land and enlarge our own. Kurogane: Fine words, but words don't win wars.

§Ran ¤ Saburo Naotora Ichimonji: Does a traitor betray himself?

§Ran ¤ Kyoami: The failed mind sees the heart's failings...

§Ran ¤ Hidetora: [Hidetora has just signed a pledge abdicating his authority to Taro] Are you a son? Taro Takatora Ichimonji: What do you mean? Hidetora: Is this a son's attitude? The hen pecks the cock and makes him a crow.

§Ran ¤ Hidetora: [Hidetora awakens in the ruins of a castle] Where are we? Kyoami: We're in paradise!

§Jurassic Park ¤ John Hammond: All major theme parks have delays. When they opened Disneyland in 1956, nothing worked! Dr. Ian Malcolm: Yeah, but, John, if The Pirates of the Caribbean breaks down, the pirates don't eat the tourists.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Muldoon: [Just before he gets attacked by a raptor] Clever girl.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: God creates dinosaurs. God destroys dinosaurs. God creates man. Man destroys God. Man creates dinosaurs. Dr. Ellie Sattler: Dinosaurs eat man. Woman inherits the earth.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [about the velociraptors] What kind of metabolism do they have? What's their growth rate? Muldoon: They're lethal at eight months, and I do mean lethal. I've hunted most things that can hunt you, but the way these things move... Dr. Alan Grant: Fast for a biped? Muldoon: Cheetah speed. Fifty, sixty miles an hour if they ever got out into the open, and they're astonishing jumpers... John Hammond: Yes, yes, yes. That's why we're taking extreme precautions. Dr. Alan Grant: Do they show intelligence? With their brain cavity... Muldoon: They show extreme intelligence, even problem-solving intelligence. Especially the big one. We bred eight originally, but when she came in she took over the pride and killed all but two of the others. That one... when she looks at you, you can see she's working things out. That's why we have to feed them like this. She had them all attacking the fences when the feeders came. Dr. Ellie Sattler: But the fences are electrified though, right? Muldoon: That's right, but they never attack the same place twice. They were testing the fences for weaknesses, systematically. They remember.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: Gee, the lack of humility before nature that's being displayed here, uh... staggers me. Donald Gennaro: Well thank you, Dr. Malcolm, but I think things are a little bit different then you and I had feared... Dr. Ian Malcolm: Yeah, I know. They're a lot worse. Donald Gennaro: Now, wait a second now, we haven't even seen the park... John Hammond: No, no, Donald, Donald, Donald... let him talk. There's no reason... I want to hear every viewpoint, I really do. Dr. Ian Malcolm: Don't you see the danger, John, inherent in what you're doing here? Genetic power is the most awesome force the planet's ever seen, but you wield it like a kid that's found his dad's gun. Donald Gennaro: It's hardly appropriate to start hurling generalizations... Dr. Ian Malcolm: If I may... Um, I'll tell you the problem with the scientific power that you're using here, it didn't require any discipline to attain it. You read what others had done and you took the next step. You didn't earn the knowledge for yourselves, so you don't take any responsibility for it. You stood on the shoulders of geniuses to accomplish something as fast as you could, and before you even knew what you had, you patented it, and packaged it, and slapped it on a plastic lunchbox, and now [bangs on the table] Dr. Ian Malcolm: you're selling it, you wanna sell it. Well... John Hammond: I don't think you're giving us our due credit. Our scientists have done things which nobody's ever done before... Dr. Ian Malcolm: Yeah, yeah, but your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should. John Hammond: Condors. Condors are on the verge of extinction... Dr. Ian Malcolm: [shaking his head] No... John Hammond: If I was to create a flock of condors on this island, you wouldn't have anything to say. Dr. Ian Malcolm: No, hold on. This isn't some species that was obliterated by deforestation, or the building of a dam. Dinosaurs had their shot, and nature selected them for extinction. John Hammond: I simply don't understand this Luddite attitude, especially from a scientist. I mean, how can we stand in the light of discovery, and not act? Dr. Ian Malcolm: What's so great about discovery? It's a violent, penetrative act that scars what it explores. What you call discovery, I call the rape of the natural world. Dr. Ellie Sattler: Well, the question is, how can you know anything about an extinct ecosystem? And therefore, how could you ever assume that you can control it? I mean, you have plants in this building that are poisonous, you picked them because they look good, but these are aggressive living things that have no idea what century they're in, and they'll defend themselves, violently if necessary. John Hammond: Dr. Grant, if there's one person here who could appreciate what I'm trying to do... Dr. Alan Grant: The world has just changed so radically, and we're all running to catch up. I don't want to jump to any conclusions, but look... Dinosaurs and man, two species separated by 65 million years of evolution have just been suddenly thrown back into the mix together. How can we possibly have the slightest idea what to expect? John Hammond: [laughing] I don't believe it. I don't believe it! You're meant to come down here and defend me against these characters, and the only one I've got on my side is the blood-sucking lawyer! Donald Gennaro: Thank you.

§Jurassic Park ¤ [last lines] Dr. Alan Grant: Hammond, after careful consideration, I've decided, not to endorse your park. John Hammond: So have I. Dr. Alan Grant: [later, after the T-Rex fight, everyone is leaving on the helicopter] Come on. Come on.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ellie Sattler: So, what are you thinking? Dr. Alan Grant: We're out of a job. Dr. Ian Malcolm: Don't you mean extinct?

§Jurassic Park ¤ John Hammond: [as they gather around a baby dinosaur hatching from its egg] They imprint on the first creature they come in contact with. That's it. Helps them to trust me. I've been present for the birth of every little creature on this island. Dr. Ian Malcolm: Surely not the ones that are bred in the wild? Henry Wu: Actually they can't breed in the wild. Population control is one of our security precautions. There's no unauthorized breeding in Jurassic Park. Dr. Ian Malcolm: How do you know they can't breed? Henry Wu: Well, because all the animals in Jurassic Park are female. We've engineered them that way. [they take the baby dinosaur out of its egg. A robot arm picks up the shell out of Grant's hand and puts it back down] Dr. Ian Malcolm: But again, how do you know they're all female? Does somebody go out into the park and pull up the dinosaurs' skirts? Henry Wu: We control their chromosomes. It's really not that difficult. All vertebrate embryos are inherently female anyway, they just require an extra hormone given at the right developmental stage to make them male. We simply deny them that. Dr. Ellie Sattler: Deny them that? Dr. Ian Malcolm: John, the kind of control you're attempting simply is... it's not possible. If there is one thing the history of evolution has taught us it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free, it expands to new territories and crashes through barriers, painfully, maybe even dangerously, but, uh... well, there it is. John Hammond: [sardonically] There it is. Henry Wu: You're implying that a group composed entirely of female animals will... breed? Dr. Ian Malcolm: No. I'm, I'm simply saying that life, uh... finds a way.

§Jurassic Park ¤ [repeated line] Ray Arnold: Hold on to your butts.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ellie Sattler: [after finding Malcolm with a broken leg] Should we chance moving him? Dr. Ian Malcolm: [the Tyrannosaur roars nearby] Please, chance it.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Volunteer Boy: That doesn't look very scary. More like a six-foot turkey. Dr. Alan Grant: A turkey, huh? OK, try to imagine yourself in the Cretaceous Period. You get your first look at this "six foot turkey" as you enter a clearing. He moves like a bird, lightly, bobbing his head. And you keep still because you think that maybe his visual acuity is based on movement like T-Rex - he'll lose you if you don't move. But no, not Velociraptor. You stare at him, and he just stares right back. And that's when the attack comes. Not from the front, but from the side, [makes 'whoshing' sound] Dr. Alan Grant: from the other two raptors you didn't even know were there. Because Velociraptor's a pack hunter, you see, he uses coordinated attack patterns and he is out in force today. And he slashes at you with this... [he produces raptor claw from his pocket] Dr. Alan Grant: A six-inch retractable claw, like a razor, on the the middle toe. He doesn't bother to bite your jugular like a lion, say... no no. He slashes at you here, or here... [he lightly 'slashes' across the kid's body with the raptor claw] Dr. Ellie Sattler: Oh, Alan... Dr. Alan Grant: Or maybe across the belly, spilling your intestines. The point is, you are alive when they start to eat you. So you know, try to show a little respect. Volunteer Boy: OK. [Alan leaves the now slightly frightened kid]

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: God help us, we're in the hands of engineers.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: [seeing the dinosaurs for the first time] You did it. You crazy son of a bitch, you did it.

§Jurassic Park ¤ [repeated line] John Hammond: We spared no expense.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Ray Arnold: [alarms start going off in the control room] Fences are failing all over the park. John Hammond: Find Nedry! Check the vending machines!

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: [to the security camera in the tour car, after yet again a dinosaur has failed to appear] Ah, now eventually you do plan to have dinosaurs on your, on your dinosaur tour, right? Hello? [he taps the camera lens and breathes on it] Dr. Ian Malcolm: Hello? Yes? John Hammond: [watching him on a monitor in the control room] I really hate that man.

§Jurassic Park ¤ [Dodgson is meeting Nedry at a restaurant in Costa Rica] Dennis Nedry: [waving] Dodgson! Lew Dodgson: [sitting down] You shouldn't use my name. Dennis Nedry: [loudly] Dodgson, Dodgson, we've got Dodgson here! See? Nobody cares. Nice hat. What are you trying to look like, a secret agent?

§Jurassic Park ¤ Ray Arnold: [trying to bring the system back on-line] Access main program. Access main security. Access main program grid. [the computer denies him finally saying, "You didn't say the magic word!"] Dennis Nedry: [on computer] Uh uh uh! You didn't say the magic word! Uh uh uh! Uh uh uh! [repeating uh uh uh] Ray Arnold: Please! God damn it! I hate this hacker crap!

§Jurassic Park ¤ John Hammond: Dr. Grant, my dear Dr. Sattler, welcome... to Jurassic Park.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: [looking at a huge mound of dinosaur feces] That is one big pile of shit.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: You got any kids? Dr. Ian Malcolm: Me? Oh, hell yeah, three. I love kids. Anything at all can and does happen. Same with wives, for that matter. Dr. Alan Grant: You're married? Dr. Ian Malcolm: Occasionally. Yeah, I'm always on the lookout for a future ex-Mrs. Malcolm.

§Jurassic Park ¤ John Hammond: [Ellie is going out to the maintenance shed to switch the circuit breakers, the dinosaurs are on the loose] It ought to be me really going. Dr. Ellie Sattler: Why? John Hammond: Well, I'm a... And you're, um, a... Dr. Ellie Sattler: Look... We can discuss sexism in survival situations when I get back.

§Jurassic Park ¤ John Hammond: When we have control again... Dr. Ellie Sattler: You never had control, that's the illusion! I was overwhelmed by the power of this place. But I made a mistake, too, I didn't have enough respect for that power and it's out now. The only thing that matters now are the people we love. Alan and Lex and Tim. John, they're out there where people are dying.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Tim: [after climbing down the tree to escape the falling car] I hate trees! Lex: They don't bother me. Tim: Oh yeah? Well, you weren't in the last one!

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [seeing the dinosaurs for the first time] How fast are they? John Hammond: Well, we clocked the T-Rex at 32 miles an hour. Dr. Ellie Sattler: T-T-Rex? John Hammond: [nodding] Mm-hm. Dr. Ellie Sattler: You said you've got a T-Rex? John Hammond: [nodding] Uh-huh. Dr. Alan Grant: [grabbing Hammond's shoulder] Say again? John Hammond: [smiling] We have a T-Rex. [Grant almost faints]

§Jurassic Park ¤ Tim: [after the tour car falls upside down on them at the bottom of the tree] Well... we're back... in the car again. Dr. Alan Grant: Well, at least you're out of the tree.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: There. Look at this. See? See? I'm right again. Nobody could've predicted that Dr. Grant would suddenly, suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle. Dr. Ellie Sattler: Alan? Alan! [Jumps out of the vehicle] Dr. Ian Malcolm: There's, another example. [laughs to himself] Dr. Ian Malcolm: See, here I'm now sitting by myself, uh, er, talking to myself. That's, that's chaos theory.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: T-Rex doesn't want to be fed. He wants to hunt. Can't just suppress 65 million years of gut instinct.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: [while being chased by the T-Rex] Must go faster.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: [watching the T-Rex breaking through the deactivated electric fence] Boy, do I hate being right all the time!

§Jurassic Park ¤ Tim: What do you call a blind dinosaur? Dr. Alan Grant: I don't know. What do you call a blind dinosaur? Tim: A Do-you-think-he-saurus. Dr. Alan Grant: Ha ha. Good one. Tim: What do you call a blind dinosaur's dog? Dr. Alan Grant: You got me. Tim: A Do-you-think-he-saurus Rex.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: [as they pass through the gigantic park gates] What have they got in there, King Kong?

§Jurassic Park ¤ Tim: That means they only eat vegetables, but for you, I think they'd make an exception.

§Jurassic Park ¤ John Hammond: ...And there's no doubt; our attractions will drive kids our of their minds! Dr. Alan Grant: And what are those? Dr. Ellie Sattler: Small versions of adults, honey...

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: Anybody hear that? It's a, um, it's an impact tremor, is what it is. I'm fairly alarmed here. Come on. Come on. Come on. We've got to get out of here. We got to get out of here. Now. Now! Right now!

§Jurassic Park ¤ Lex: He's gonna eat the goat? Tim: Excellent! Donald Gennaro: What's the matter, kid? You never had lamb chops? Lex: I happen to be a vegetarian.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [after Tim has survived being electrocuted] Big Tim, the human piece of toast.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [finding egg shells] Oh my God. Do you know what this is? This is a dinosaur egg. The dinosaurs are breeding. Tim: But Grandpa said all the dinosaurs were girls. Dr. Alan Grant: Amphibian DNA. Lex: What's that? Dr. Alan Grant: Well, on the tour, the film said they used frog DNA to fill in the gene sequence gaps. They mutated the dinosaur genetic code and blended it with that of a frog's. Now, some West African frogs have been known to spontaneously change sex from male to female in a single sex environment. Malcolm was right. Look... [we see a trail of baby dinosaur footprints] Dr. Alan Grant: Life found a way.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Lex: It's a UNIX system! I know this!

§Jurassic Park ¤ [Ellie and Muldoon find Malcolm injured at the scene of the T-Rex attack] Dr. Ian Malcolm: Remind me to thank John for a lovely weekend.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Ian Malcolm: [as they escape the T-Rex chasing after them in the Jeep] You think they'll have that on the tour?

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [Dr. Grant gets back in the car after checking with the other car for a working radio] Their radio is out too. Gennarro said to stay put. Dr. Ian Malcolm: The kids OK? Dr. Alan Grant: I didn't ask. Why wouldn't they be? Dr. Ian Malcolm: Kids get scared. Dr. Alan Grant: What's to be scared about? It's just a little hiccup in the power... Dr. Ian Malcolm: I didn't say I was scared. Dr. Alan Grant: I didn't say you were scared. Dr. Ian Malcolm: I know.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [looking at a dinosaur herd] Tim. Tim, can you tell me what they are? Tim: They're, Gal... uh... uh, Galli... uh, Gallimimus. Lex: Are those... meat-eating... uh, meatasauruses? Dr. Alan Grant: [the dinosaurs change direction] The wheel uniform changes just like a flock of birds evading a predator. Tim: They're, uh... they're flocking this way.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [Grant throws a branch at the inert perimeter fence] I guess that means the power's off. [Grant grabs the fence, pretending to be electrocuted and Lex and Tim scream] Lex: [Grant smiles at Lex and Tim] That's not funny. Tim: [laughing] That was great.

§Jurassic Park ¤ John Hammond: You'll have to get used to Dr. Malcolm, he suffers from a deplorable excess of personality, especially for a mathematician.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Lex: [Grant and the kids are climbing the perimeter fence] Timmy, I bet I can climb over the top and get on the other side before you can even get to the top. Tim: What would you give me? Lex: Respect.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [Dr. Grant enters his mobile trailer home and sees John Hammond in his fridge] What the hell do you think you're doing in here? [John pops open a bottle of champagne. The cork comes flying at Grant and he ducks] Dr. Alan Grant: Hey, we were saving that. John Hammond: For today, I guarantee it.

§Jurassic Park ¤ Muldoon: What about the lysine contingency? We could put that into effect! Dr. Ellie Sattler: What's that? John Hammond: That is absolutely out of the question. Ray Arnold: The lysine contingency is intended to prevent the spread of the animals in case they ever get off the island. Dr. Wu inserted a gene that makes a single faulty enzyme in protein metabolism. The animals can't manufacture the amino acid lysine. Unless they're continually supplied with lysine by us, they'll slip into a coma and die. Dr. Ellie Sattler: How could we cut off the lysine? Ray Arnold: No real trick to it. Just stop running the program, leaving them unattended. Dr. Ian Malcolm: How long before they become comatose? Ray Arnold: It would be totally painless - they'd just slip into unconsciousness and die. Dr. Ian Malcolm: How long until they slip into unconsciousness? Ray Arnold: Hmm... seven days, more or less. Dr. Ellie Sattler: Seven days? Seven days? Oh, that's great. Clever! Dr. Ian Malcolm: That'll be a first - man and dinosaur all die together. John's plan. John Hammond: People. Are. Dying! Mr. Arnold, will you please shut down the system. Ray Arnold: OK, but... you asked for it. Hold on to your butts! [switches the mainframe off]

§Jurassic Park ¤ Dr. Alan Grant: [with Lex in front of the T-Rex] Don't move! He can't see us if we don't move.

§Jurassic Park ¤ [They're feeding leafy branches to a docile Brachiosaurus] Lex: Can I touch it? Dr. Alan Grant: Sure. Just think of it as... kind of a big cow.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Capitán Vidal: Tell my son the time that his father died. Tell him... Mercedes: No. He won't even know your name.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Capitán Vidal: You could have obeyed me! Doctor: But Captain, to obey - just like that - for obedience's sake... without questioning... That's something only people like you do.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: My name is Ofelia. Who are you? Pan: Me? I've had so many names. Old names that only the wind and the trees can pronounce. I am the mountain, the forest and the earth. I am... I am a faun. Your most humble servant, Your Highness.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ [last lines] Pan: And it is said that the Princess returned to her father's kingdom. That she reigned there with justice and a kind heart for many centuries. That she was loved by her people. And that she left behind small traces of her time on Earth, visible only to those who know where to look.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ [first lines] Pan: A long time ago, in the underground realm, where there are no lies or pain, there lived a Princess who dreamed of the human world. She dreamed of blue skies, soft breeze, and sunshine. One day, eluding her keepers, the Princess escaped. Once outside, the brightness blinded her and erased every trace of the past from her memory. She forgot who she was and where she came from. Her body suffered cold, sickness, and pain. Eventually, she died. However, her father, the King, always knew that the Princess' soul would return, perhaps in another body, in another place, at another time. And he would wait for her, until he drew his last breath, until the world stopped turning...

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Pan: Quickly, Your Majesty, give him to me. The full moon is high in the sky. We can open the portal. Ofelia: What is that in your hand? Pan: The portal will only open if we offer the blood of an innocent. Just a drop of blood: a pinprick, that's all. It's the final task. Hurry. [Ofelia shakes her head] Pan: You promised to obey me. Give me the boy! Ofelia: No! My brother stays with me. Pan: You would give up your sacred rights for a brat you barely know? Ofelia: Yes, I would. Pan: You would give up your throne for him? He who has caused you such misery, such humiliation? Ofelia: Yes, I would. Pan: As you wish, Your Highness.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Mercedes: [to Vidal] I'm not some old man! Or a wounded prisoner! Motherfucker... Don't you dare touch the girl. You won't be the first pig I've gutted!

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Carmen: You're getting older, and you'll see that life isn't like your fairy tales. The world is a cruel place. And you'll learn that, even if it hurts. [throws the mandrake onto the fire] Ofelia: No! No! Carmen: Ofelia! Magic does not exist. Not for you, me or anyone else.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: Many, many years ago in a sad, faraway land, there was an enormous mountain made of rough, black stone. At sunset, on top of that mountain, a magic rose blossomed every night that made whoever plucked it immortal. But no one dared go near it because its thorns were full of poison. Men talked amongst themselves about their fear of death, and pain, but never about the promise of eternal life. And every day, the rose wilted, unable to bequeath its gift to anyone... forgotten and lost at the top of that cold, dark mountain, forever alone, until the end of time.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: You'll meet her, she's very pretty, even though sometimes she's sad for many days at a time. You'll see, when she smiles, you'll love her.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Rey: Arise, my daughter. Come. You have spilled your own blood rather than the blood of an innocent. That was the final task and the most important. Pan: And you chose well, Your Highness. Carmen: Come here with me, and sit by your father's side.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Mercedes: I'm a coward. Pedro: No, you're not. Mercedes: Yes, I am. A coward - for living next to that son of a bitch, doing his laundry, making his bed, feeding him... What if the doctor's right and we can't win? Pedro: At least we'll make things harder for that bastard.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Doctor: Just one more thing, Captain. What makes you so sure the baby is a male? Capitán Vidal: [smirks] Don't fuck with me.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Pan: The moon will be full in three days. Your spirit shall forever remain among the humans. You shall age like them, you shall die like them, and all memory of you shall fade in time. And we'll vanish along with it. You will never see us again.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: Mercedes, do you believe in fairies? Mercedes: No. But when I was a little girl, I did. I believed in a lot of things I don't believe anymore. Ofelia: Last night a fairy visited me.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Capitán Vidal: I'll make you a deal. If you can count to three without st-t-uttering you can go. Don't look at him, look at me. Above me there is no one. Garces! Garcés: Yes Captain? Capitán Vidal: If I say this asshole can leave, would anybody here contradict me? Garcés: No one, Captain. He can leave. Capitán Vidal: There you have it. Count to three. El Tarta: One... Capitán Vidal: Good. El Tarta: Two... Garcés: Good - one more and you're free. El Tarta: T-t-t-t-t... Capitán Vidal: Shame.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Mayor: Have I told you that I was acquainted with your father, Captain? Capitán Vidal: No. I had no idea. Mayor: In Morocco. I knew him only briefly, but he left a great impression. Capitán Vidal: An excellent soldier. Mayor: The men in his battalion said that when General Vidal died on the battlefield, he smashed his watch on a rock so that his son would know the exact hour and minute of his death. So he would know how a brave man dies. Capitán Vidal: Nonsense. He didn't own a watch.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Carmen: The captain has been so good to us... Please, Ofelia, call him father. It's just a word, Ofelia, just a word.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: [to Mercedes] Have you seen my mother? She's very beautiful.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: [to the giant toad] Hello. I am Princess Moanna, and I am not afraid of you.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Capitán Vidal: I choose to be here because I want my son to be born in a new, clean Spain.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Capitán Vidal: Damn this cigarette is good! Real tobacco - hard to find. El Tarta: G-g-g-go to hell. Capitán Vidal: Damn, Garces. We catch one and he turns out to be a stutterer. We'll be here all night. Garcés: As long as he talks. Capitán Vidal: Garces is right. You'd do better to tell us everything. But to make sure it happens, I brought along a few tools. Just things you pick up along the way. At first I won't be able to trust you, but after I use this, you'll own up to a few things. When we get to these we'll have developed a... how can I put this? A closer bond, much like brothers. You'll see. And when we get to this one, I'll believe anything you tell me.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Mercedes: My mother told me to be wary of fauns.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: [in the labyrinth] Hello? [Pan awakens] Pan: It's you!

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Doctor: Let's see how that leg is doing, Frenchie. Francés: How do you think it's doing? It's fucked up.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: My father was a tailor.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Garcés: [surrounded by men, Mercedes holds the paring knife against her throat...] If anyone is going to kill you, I'd rather it be me.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Sacerdote: Because the paths to the Lord are inscrutable... Because the essence of His forgiveness lies in His word and in His mystery... Because although God sends us the message, it is our task to decipher it. Because when we open our arms, the earth takes in only a hollow and senseless shell. Far away now is the soul in its eternal glory. Because it is in pain that we find the meaning of life and the state of grace that we lose when we are born. Because God, in His infinite wisdom, puts the solution in our hands, and because only in His physical absence is the place He occupies in our souls reaffirmed.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Capitán Vidal: [to the Doctor] Listen to me. If you have to choose, save the baby. That boy will bear my name and my father's name. Save him.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: Hi! Are you a fairy?

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Pan: Your real father had us open portals all over the world to allow your return.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: Once upon a time, when the woods were young, they were home to creatures who were full of magic and wonder.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Ofelia: Why did you have to get married? Carmen: I was alone too long. Ofelia: I'm with you. You weren't alone. You were never alone. Carmen: When you're older, you'll understand. It hasn't been easy for me either.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Capitán Vidal: Go ahead, Serrano, don't be afraid, this is the only decent way to die.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ El Tarta: I talked. Not much... b-b-but I talked. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Kill me. Kill me now. Please. Doctor: It'll take away the pain. It's almost over.

§Pan's Labyrinth ¤ Sacerdote: [about the guerillas] God has already saved their souls. What happens to their bodies hardly matters to Him.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: I see dead people. Malcolm Crowe: In your dreams? [Cole shakes his head no] Malcolm Crowe: While you're awake? [Cole nods] Malcolm Crowe: Dead people like, in graves? In coffins? Cole Sear: Walking around like regular people. They don't see each other. They only see what they want to see. They don't know they're dead. Malcolm Crowe: How often do you see them? Cole Sear: All the time. They're everywhere.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ [last lines] Malcolm Crowe: [after realizing the time has come for him to move on] I think I can go now. Just needed to do a couple of things. I needed to help someone; I think I did. And I needed to tell you something: You were never second, ever. I love you. You sleep now. Everything will be different in the morning. Anna Crowe: [in her sleep] Good night, Malcolm... Malcolm Crowe: Good night, sweetheart.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: [of his grandmother] She wanted me to tell you... Lynn Sear: Cole, please stop... Cole Sear: She wanted me to tell you she saw you dance. She said, when you were little, you and her had a fight, right before your dance recital. You thought she didn't come see you dance. She did. She hid in the back so you wouldn't see. She said you were like an angel. She said you came to the place where they buried her. Asked her a question? She said the answer is... "Every day." What did you ask? Lynn Sear: Do... Do I make her proud?

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: You know the accident up there? Lynn Sear: Yeah. Cole Sear: Someone got hurt. Lynn Sear: They did? Cole Sear: A lady. She died. Lynn Sear: Oh, my god. What, you can see her? Cole Sear: Yes. Lynn Sear: Where is she? Cole Sear: Standing next to my window. Lynn Sear: Cole, you're scaring me. Cole Sear: They scare me too sometimes. Lynn Sear: They? Cole Sear: Ghosts.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: Once upon a time there was this person named Malcolm. He worked with children. He loved it. He loved it more than anything else. And then one night, he found out that he made a mistake with one of them. He couldn't help that one. And he can't stop thinking about it, he can't forget. Ever since then, things have been different. He's not the same person that he used to be. And his wife doesn't like the person that he's become. They barely speak anymore, they're like strangers. And then one day Malcolm meets this wonderful little boy, a really cool little boy. Reminds him a lot of the other one. And Malcolm decides to try and help this new boy. 'Cause he feels that if he can help this new boy, it would be like helping that other one too. Cole Sear: How does the story end? Malcolm Crowe: I don't know.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: Instead of something I want, can it be something I don't want? Malcolm Crowe: Okay... Cole Sear: I don't wanna be scared anymore.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: I walk this way to school with Tommy Tammisimo. Malcolm Crowe: He your best buddy? Cole Sear: He hates me. Malcolm Crowe: Do you hate him? Cole Sear: No. Malcolm Crowe: Did your mom set that up? Cole Sear: Yes. Malcolm Crowe: Do you ever talk to your mom about how things are with Tommy? Cole Sear: I don't tell her things. Malcolm Crowe: Why not? Cole Sear: Because she doesn't look at me like everybody else, and I don't want her to. I don't want her to know. Malcolm Crowe: Know what? Cole Sear: That I'm a freak. Malcolm Crowe: Hey... you are not a freak. Okay? Don't you believe anybody that tries to convince you of that. That's bullshit! You don't have to go through your life believing that. Okay? Cole Sear: You said the "s" word. Malcolm Crowe: Yeah... I know. Sorry.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Vincent Gray: Do you know why you're afraid when you're alone? I do. I do.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: [to Anna sleeping in a chair] Anna? Anna Crowe: [in her sleep] I miss you. Malcolm Crowe: I miss you too. Anna Crowe: Why, Malcolm? Malcolm Crowe: What, what is it? Anna Crowe: Why did you leave me? Malcolm Crowe: I didn't leave you. [the ring Anna is holding falls out of her hand to the floor, and Malcolm suddenly remembers everything]

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: Wanna play a game? It's a mind-reading game. Here's how it works. I read your mind. If what I say is right, you take one step towards the chair. If what I say is wrong, you take one step back... towards the doorway. If you reach the chair, you sit down. If you reach the door, you can go. Wanna play? [Cole nods] Malcolm Crowe: Okay... When your mother and father were first divorced, your mom went to see a doctor like me, and he didn't help her. So you think I'm not going to be able to help you. [Cole takes a step forward] Malcolm Crowe: You're worried that she said she told him things - things she couldn't tell anyone else... Secrets. [Cole takes another step forwards] Malcolm Crowe: You have a secret, but you don't want to tell me. [Cole takes another step forwards] Malcolm Crowe: [looking at Cole's watch] Your dad gave you that watch as a present just before he went away. [Cole takes a step back] Cole Sear: He forgot it in a drawer. Doesn't work. Malcolm Crowe: You keep pretty quiet in school, but... you're a good student, you've never really been in any serious trouble. [Cole takes another step back] Cole Sear: We were supposed to draw a picture. Anything we wanted. I drew a man. He got hurt in the neck by another man with a screwdriver. Malcolm Crowe: You saw that on TV, Cole? [Cole steps back again] Cole Sear: Everyone got upset. They had a meeting. Mom started crying. I don't draw like that anymore. Malcolm Crowe: How do you draw now? Cole Sear: I draw... people smiling, dogs running, rainbows. They don't have meetings about rainbows. Malcolm Crowe: No, I guess they don't. Cole Sear: What am I thinking now? Malcolm Crowe: I don't know what you're thinking now. [Cole takes his last step back towards the door] Cole Sear: I was thinking... you're nice, but you can't help me. [walks away]

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Lynn Sear: [when Cole comes to Lynn to ask to sleep in her bed] Look at my face; I'm not very mad.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: [angrily] I don't like it when people look at me like that! Stanley Cunningham: Like what? Cole Sear: Stop it! Stanley Cunningham: I don't know how else to look, I... Cole Sear: You're a stuttering Stanley! Stanley Cunningham: Excuse me? Cole Sear: You talked funny when you went to school. You talked funny all the way to high school. Stanley Cunningham: What... Cole Sear: You shouldn't look at people, it makes them feel bad! Stanley Cunningham: How did you... Cole Sear: [screams] Stop looking at me! Stanley Cunningham: [stutters] Who have you b-b-been speaking to? Cole Sear: [repeatedly] Stuttering Stanley! Stuttering Stanley! Stanley Cunningham: S-s-stop it!

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Stanley Cunningham: Philadelphia is one of the oldest cities in this country. A lot of generations have lived here and died here. Almost any place you go in this city has a history and a story behind it. Even this school and the grounds it sits on. Can anyone guess what this building was used for a hundred years ago, before you went to this school, before I went to this school? Yes, Cole? Cole Sear: They used to hang people here. Stanley Cunningham: No, uh, that, mm-mm, that's not correct. Uh, where'd you hear that? Cole Sear: They'd pull the people in, crying and kissing their families 'bye. People watching would spit at them. Stanley Cunningham: Uh, Cole, this, this building was a legal courthouse. Laws were passed here. Some of the very first laws of this country. This whole building was full of, uh, lawyers, uh, lawmakers. Cole Sear: They were the ones that hanged everybody.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: Are you a good doctor? Malcolm Crowe: Well... I used to be. I won an award once. From the Mayor. It had an expensive frame. Cole Sear: I'm gonna see you again, right? Malcolm Crowe: If that's okay with you.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: I'm ready to communicate with you now.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: What do you want more than anything? Malcolm Crowe: I don't know. Cole Sear: I told you what I want. Malcolm Crowe: I know what I want: I want to be able to talk to my wife again. The way we used to talk to each other. Like there's no one else in the world except us. Cole Sear: How are you gonna do that? Malcolm Crowe: [sighs] Can't be your doctor anymore: I haven't paid enough attention to my family. Bad things happen when you do that. Do you understand? I'm gonna transfer you... Cole Sear: Don't fail me! Don't give up: you're the only one who can help me. I know it. Malcolm Crowe: [looks away] I can't help you. Cole Sear: [starts breathing unsteadily] You... Malcolm Crowe: [looks back] Someone else can help you. Cole Sear: [tear falls down right cheek] You believe me, right? Dr. Crowe, you believe my secret, right? Malcolm Crowe: [looks away again] I don't know how to answer that, Cole. Cole Sear: [pushes penny across desk; Crowe looks at penny then Cole] How can you help me... if you don't believe me? Some magic's real.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Lynn Sear: Look at my face; I was not thinking anything bad about you.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ The Cabinet Lady: You can't hurt me anymore! [holds up her wrists, which are slit]

§The Sixth Sense ¤ [Malcolm arrives late for dinner with his wife] Malcolm Crowe: I thought you meant the other Italian restaurant I asked you to marry me in.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: You ever feel the prickly things on the back of your neck? Malcolm Crowe: Yes. Cole Sear: And the tiny hairs on your arm, you know when they stand up? That's them. When they get mad... it gets cold.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Vincent Gray: [screaming at Malcolm] You failed me! You failed me!

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: Do you know what free association writing is, Cole? Cole Sear: No. Malcolm Crowe: Free association writing is when you take a pencil in your hand and you put the pencil to a peice of paper and you start writing. You don't look at or think about what you're writing. And after a while, you keep writing long enough, words and thoughts come out that you didn't even know you had in you. It could be something you heard, something you saw, or feelings you had deep inside of you. Have you done any free association writing, Cole? Cole Sear: Yes. Malcolm Crowe: What did you write? Cole Sear: Upset words. Malcolm Crowe: Did you write any upset words before your father left? Cole Sear: I don't remember.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: Grandma says hi. [Lynn looks up sharply] Cole Sear: She says she's sorry for taking the bumblebee pendant. She just likes it a lot.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: She came a long way to visit me, didn't she? Malcolm Crowe: I guess she did.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: De profundis clamo ad te, domine. Out of the depths, I cry to you, O lord.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Kyra Collins: [vomiting] I'm feeling much better now. Cole Sear: Do you want to tell me something?

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Spanish Ghost on Tape: [Spanish ghost speaks to a young Vincent Gray] Yo no quiero morir!

§The Sixth Sense ¤ [repeated line] Lynn Sear: Look at my face.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: Tell me the story about why you're sad. Malcolm Crowe: You think I'm sad? [Cole nods] Malcolm Crowe: What makes you think that? Cole Sear: Your eyes told me.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Ghost in the Dungeon: Is someone out there? Open this door, please! Come on. I can't breathe! If you can hear me, open this door... I swear on my life I didn't take the master's horse! OPEN THIS DOOR, OR I'LL BREAK THROUGH IT AND GRAB YOU!

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Gunshot Boy: Hey, come on! I'll show you where my dad keeps his gun. Come on! [turns to reveal bloody hole in the back of his head]

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: [after being shot by Vincent Gray] I think I'm okay really. I think it just went in and out. I... It doesn't even hurt anymore.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: [looking at Vincent in the bathroom] Vincent Gray. I do remember you. Quiet, very smart, compassionate. Unusually compassionate. Vincent Gray: You forgot cursed.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: [unimpressed after Malcolm Crowe's magic trick with coin] I didn't know you were funny.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: [after watching the school play] I thought Tommy Tammisimo sucked big time.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: Do you know what "Yo no quiero morir" means? It's Spanish. It means "I don't want to die." What do you think these ghosts want when they talk to you? I want you to think about it, Cole. I want you to think about it really carefully. Cole Sear: Just help. Malcolm Crowe: That's right. That's what I think too. They just want help, even the scary ones. I think I might know a way to make them go away. Cole Sear: How? Malcolm Crowe: Listen to them. Cole Sear: What if they don't want help? What if they're just angry and they just want to hurt somebody? Malcolm Crowe: I don't think that's the way it works. Cole Sear: How do you know for sure?

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Young Woman Buying Ring: [after Anna tells her that the ring belonged to a woman who loved a man she couldn't be with] Did he have wavy hair and chestnut eyes?

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Mr. Collins: You were keeping her sick.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: [to Anna] I would like some wine in a glass, I would not like it in a mug, I would not like it in a jug.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Bobby: Silence, village idiot!

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: Keep moving, cheese dick.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: [to Cole] If you could change something in your life, anything at all, what would it be?

§The Sixth Sense ¤ [first lines] Anna Crowe: It's getting cold. Malcolm Crowe: That is one fine frame; one fine frame that is. How much... [he sits down with a grunt]

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: [referring to the award he just received] Wow. We should hang it in the bathroom.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Malcolm Crowe: Anna Crowe, I am in love... in love I am.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: I want to tell you my secret now.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Cole Sear: Stop looking at me. I don't like people looking at me like that.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Tommy Tammisimo: Mommy? Daddy? [coughs] Tommy Tammisimo: My throat hurts. [Mommy and Daddy give Tommy the cough syrup. The scene then changes to Tommy playing fetch with a dog] Commercial Narrator: Pedia-Ease cough suppressant. Gentle, fast, effe... [Cole throws a shoe at the TV]

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Tommy Tammisimo: Hey freak, how'd you like the "arm around your shoulder" bit. I just made it up. Went with it. That's what great actors do. It's called improv.

§The Sixth Sense ¤ Stanley Cunningham: I don't know which one of these guys told you that, but they were just trying to scare you, I think. Cole Sear: I don't like people looking at me like that. Stanley Cunningham: Like what? Cole Sear: Stop it!

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: You'd be William Munny out of Missouri. Killer of women and children. Will Munny: That's right. I've killed women and children. I've killed just about everything that walks or crawled at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you did to Ned.

§Unforgiven ¤ The Schofield Kid: [after killing a man for the first time] It don't seem real... how he ain't gonna never breathe again, ever... how he's dead. And the other one too. All on account of pulling a trigger. Will Munny: It's a hell of a thing, killing a man. Take away all he's got and all he's ever gonna have. The Schofield Kid: Yeah, well, I guess they had it coming. Will Munny: We all got it coming, kid.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: Who's the fellow owns this shithole? [pause] Will Munny: You, fat man. Speak up. Skinny Dubois: Uh, I... I own this establishment. I bought the place from Greeley for a thousand dollars. [Will levels the shotgun, and speaks to someone standing behind Skinny] Will Munny: You better clear outta there. Man: Yes, sir. [scampers out of the way] Little Bill Daggett: Just hold it right there. Hold it...! [Will shoots Skinny. Screaming, the women scatter upstairs] Little Bill Daggett: Well, sir, you are a cowardly son of a bitch! You just shot an unarmed man! Will Munny: Well, he should have armed himself if he's going to decorate his saloon with my friend.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: I don't deserve this... to die like this. I was building a house. Will Munny: Deserve's got nothin' to do with it. [aims gun] Little Bill Daggett: I'll see you in hell, William Munny. Will Munny: Yeah. [fires]

§Unforgiven ¤ [last lines] Will Munny: You better bury Ned right!... Better not cut up, nor otherwise harm no whores... or I'll come back and kill every one of you sons of bitches.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: All right, I'm coming out. Any man I see out there, I'm gonna shoot him. Any sumbitch takes a shot at me, I'm not only gonna kill him, but I'm gonna kill his wife, all his friends, and burn his damn house down.

§Unforgiven ¤ Bill Munny: I've killed women and children. I've killed everything that walks or crawls at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: Look son, being a good shot, being quick with a pistol, that don't do no harm, but it don't mean much next to being cool-headed. A man who will keep his head and not get rattled under fire, like as not, he'll kill ya. W.W. Beauchamp: But if the other fella is quicker, and fires first... Little Bill Daggett: Then he'll be hurrying, and he'll miss. Look here... [stands and draws his gun] Little Bill Daggett: That's about as fast as I can draw, and aim, and hit anything more than ten feet away... 'less it's a barn. W.W. Beauchamp: But if he doesn't miss? Little Bill Daggett: Then he'll kill ya. [chuckles] Little Bill Daggett: Yeah, that's why there's so few dangerous men around like old Bob, like me. It ain't so easy to shoot a man anyhow, especially if the son-of-a-bitch is shootin' back at you. I mean, that'll just flat rattle some folks.

§Unforgiven ¤ Bill Munny: It's a hell of a thing, killin' a man. Take away all he's got, and all he's ever gonna have.

§Unforgiven ¤ [Little Bill tells the real story of English Bob's gunfight] Little Bill Daggett: First off, Corky never carried two guns. Though he should have. W.W. Beauchamp: No, no, he was, he was called "Two-Gun Corcoran." Little Bill Daggett: Yeah well, a lot of folks did call him "Two-Gun" but that wasn't because he was sporting two pistols. That was because he had a dick that was so big it was longer than the barrel of that Walker Colt that he carried. And the only "insultin' to a lady" he ever did was to stick that thing of his into this French lady that Bob here was kind of sweet on.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Sue: He said how you was really William Munny out of Missouri... and Bill said "Same William Munny that dynamited the Rock Island and Pacific in '69 killin' women and children an' all?" And Ned says you done a lot worse than that, said you was more cold blooded than William Bonney or Clay Alisson or the James Brothers and how if he hurt Ned again you was gonna come an' kill him like you killed a U.S. Marshall in '73. Will Munny: And that didn't scare Little Bill though, did it? Little Sue: No, sir.

§Unforgiven ¤ The Schofield Kid: [referring to his gun] You go on, keep it. I'm never gonna use it again. I won't kill nobody no more. I ain't like you, Will... [indicating the money] The Schofield Kid: Go on, keep it. All of it. It's yours. Will Munny: What about your spectacles and fancy clothes? The Schofield Kid: I guess I'd rather be blind and ragged than dead. Will Munny: You don't have to worry, Kid. I ain't gonna kill you. You're the only friend I got.

§Unforgiven ¤ Delilah Fitzgerald: Are you still goin' to kill those men? Will Munny: I reckon so. The money's still available, ain't it? Delilah Fitzgerald: Yeah. Your two friends have been taking advances on the money. Will Munny: What? Delilah Fitzgerald: You know, free ones. [Will looks confused] Delilah Fitzgerald: Alice and Silky been givin' them free ones. Would you like a free one? Will Munny: I reckon not. Delilah Fitzgerald: [Misunderstanding Will] I didn't mean with me. Alice and Silky would be glad to give you one. Will Munny: I meant I didn't want a free one with Alice or Silky. Because of my wife back home. I reckon if I was to want a free one, it would be with you.

§Unforgiven ¤ Ned Logan: I sure do miss my bed. Will Munny: You said that last night. Ned Logan: No, last night I said I missed my wife, tonight I just miss my dadgum bed.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: I ain't like that no more. I ain't the same, Ned. Claudia, she straightened me up, cleared me of drinkin' whiskey and all. Just 'cause we're goin' on this killing, that don't mean I'm gonna go back to bein' the way I was. I just need the money, get a new start for them youngsters. Ned, you remember that drover I shot through the mouth and his teeth came out the back of his head? I think about him now and again. He didn't do anything to deserve to get shot, at least nothin' I could remember when I sobered up. Ned Logan: You were crazy, Will. Will Munny: Yeah, no one liked me. Mountain boys all thought I was gonna shoot 'em out of pure meanness. Ned Logan: Well, like I said, you ain't like that no more. Will Munny: That's right. I'm just a fella now. I ain't no different than anyone else no more.

§Unforgiven ¤ [Little Bill is telling Beauchamp the real story of English Bob's gunfight] Little Bill Daggett: You see, the night that Corky walked into the Blue Bottle, and before he knows what's happening, Bob here takes a shot at him! And he misses, 'cause he's so damn drunk. Now that bullet whizzing by panicked old Corky, and he did the wrong thing. He went for his gun in such a hurry that he shot his own damn toe off. Meantime Bob here, he's aiming real good, and he squeezes off another, but he misses, because he's still so damn drunk, and he hits this thousand-dollar mirror up over the bar. And now, the Duck of Death is as good as dead. Because Corky does it right. He aims real careful, no hurry... W.W. Beauchamp: And...? Little Bill Daggett: BAM! That Walker Colt blew up in his hand, which was a failing common to that model. You see, if old Corky had had two guns instead of just a big dick, he would have been there right to the end to defend himself. W.W. Beauchamp: Wait a minute. You mean that, English Bob killed him when he didn't even have...? Little Bill Daggett: Well, old Bob wasn't goin' to wait for Corky to grow a new hand. No, he just walked over there real slow - 'cause he was drunk - and shot him right through the liver. Pop!

§Unforgiven ¤ The Schofield Kid: Like I was saying, you don't look no meaner-than-hell, cold-blooded, damn killer. Will Munny: Maybe I ain't. The Schofield Kid: Yeah, well, Uncle Pete says you was the meanest goddamn son-of-a-bitch alive, and if I ever wanted a partner for a killin', you were the worst one. Meaning the best, on account as your's as cold as the snow and you don't have no weak nerve nor fear. Will Munny: Pete said that, huh? The Schofield Kid: Yeah, yeah he did. I'm a damn killer myself. 'Cept, uh, I ain't killed as many as you because of my youth.

§Unforgiven ¤ [last title card] Title card: Some years later, Mrs. Ansonia Feathers made the arduous journey to Hodgeman County to visit the last resting place of her only daughter. William Munny had long since disappeared with the children... some said to San Francisco where it was rumored he prospered in dry goods. And there was nothing on the marker to explain to Mrs. Feathers why her only daughter had married a known thief and murderer, a man of notoriously vicious and intemperate disposition.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: Any man don't wanna get killed better clear on out the back.

§Unforgiven ¤ W.W. Beauchamp: Who, uh, who'd you kill first? Will Munny: Huh? W.W. Beauchamp: When confronted by superior numbers, an experienced gunfighter will always fire on the best shot first. Will Munny: Is that so? W.W. Beauchamp: Yeah, Little Bill told me that. And you probably killed him first, didn't you? Will Munny: I was lucky in the order, but I've always been lucky when it comes to killin' folks. W.W. Beauchamp: And so, who was next? It was Clyde, right? You must have killed Clyde. Well, it could have been Deputy Andy. Wasn't it? Or, or... [Will points the rifle in his face] Will Munny: All I can tell you is who's gonna be last. [Beauchamp quickly exits out the front door]

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: [correcting W.W Beauchamp] Eyewitnesses? W.W. Beauchamp: Yes, sir. Little Bill Daggett: Like the Duck himself, I guess. W.W. Beauchamp: The Duke. Little Bill Daggett: Duck, I says.

§Unforgiven ¤ [first title card] Title card: She was a comely young woman and not without prospects. Therefore it was heartbreaking to her mother that she would enter into marriage with William Munny, a known thief and murderer, a man of notoriously vicious and intemperate disposition. When she died, it was not at his hands as her mother might have suspected, but of smallpox. That was 1878.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: You just shot an unarmed man. Bill Munny: He should have armed himself if he's gonna decorate his saloon with my friend.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: It's been a long time, Bob. You run out of Chinamen? English Bob: Little Bill, well I thought you was, well I thought that you were dead. I see you've shaved your chin whiskers off. Little Bill Daggett: I was tasting the soup two hours after I ate it. English Bob: Well, actually, what I heard was that you fell off your horse, drunk of course, and that you broke your bloody neck. Little Bill Daggett: I heard that one myself, Bob. Hell, I even thought I was dead 'til I found out it was just that I was in Nebraska.

§Unforgiven ¤ [Will takes aim at Little Bill] Will Munny: You boys better move away. [the men standing around Little Bill scatter] Little Bill Daggett: All right, gentlemen. He's got one barrel left. When he fires that, take out your pistols, and shoot him down like the mangy scoundrel he is!

§Unforgiven ¤ The Schofield Kid: That was the first one. Will Munny: First one what? The Schofield Kid: First one I ever killed. Will Munny: Yeah? The Schofield Kid: You know how I said I shot five men? It weren't true. That Mexican that come at me with a knife, I just busted his leg with a shovel. I didn't kill him or nothing, neither. Will Munny: Well, you sure killed the hell outta that fella today.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: I seen 'em, Ned, I seen the angel of death, he's got snake eyes. Ned Logan: Who Will, who's got snake eyes? Will Munny: It's the angel of death. Oh Ned, I'm scared of dying. Ned Logan: Easy, partner, easy. Will Munny: I see Claudia too. Ned Logan: That's good, Will, that's good you saw Claudia, ain't it? Will Munny: Her face was all covered with worms. Oh Ned, I'm scared, I'm dying. Don't tell nobody, don't tell my kids, none of the things I done, hear me? Ned Logan: All right, Will.

§Unforgiven ¤ [Sending English Bob on his way after beating and jailing him] Little Bill Daggett: I suppose you know, Bob, if I ever see you again I'm just going to start shooting and figure it was self-defense.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: [talking to English Bob, and refering to a book] That you here, Bob, on the cover? "The Duck of Death?" W.W. Beauchamp: Duke. It's the Duke. "Duke of Death."

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: What I said the other day, you looking like me, that ain't true. You ain't ugly like me, it's just that we both have got scars.

§Unforgiven ¤ Davey: I'm dyin' boys. Jesus, I'm so thirsty. Will Munny: Give him a drink of water, goddamn it. Will you give him a drink of water, for Christ's sake? We ain't gonna shoot.

§Unforgiven ¤ Ned Logan: Hell, Will. We ain't bad men no more. Shit, we're farmers. Will Munny: Should be easy killing them, supposing they don't go on down to Texas first. Ned Logan: How long has it been since you fired a gun at a man, Will? Nine, ten years? Will Munny: Eleven. Ned Logan: Easy, huh? Hell, I don't know that it was all that easy even back then. And we was young and full of beans. I mean, if you was mad at 'em, Will, I mean. If they'd done you some wrong, I could see shooting 'em. Will Munny: We done stuff for money before, Ned. Ned Logan: Yeah, we thought we did. All right, so what did these fellas do? Cheat at cards? Steal some strays? Spit on a rich fella? What? Will Munny: No, they cut up a woman. Ned Logan: What? Will Munny: Yeah. Cut up her face, cut her eyes out, cut her fingers off, cut her tits... everything but her cunny, I suppose. Ned Logan: I'll be dogged. Well, guess they got it comin'. 'Course, you know, Will, if Claudia was alive you wouldn't be doin' this.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: It's a hell of a thing, ain't it, killin' a man. You take everything he's got... and everything he's ever gonna have... The Schofield Kid: Well, I guess they had it... comin'. Will Munny: We all got it comin', Kid.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: You been talking about that Queen of yours, again, Bob? [punches him] Little Bill Daggett: On Independence Day?

§Unforgiven ¤ Fatty Rossiter: It was already loaded. Jesus, Clyde, you have three pistols and you only have one arm for Christ's sake. Clyde: Well I just don't want to be killed for lack of shootin' back.

§Unforgiven ¤ English Bob: [discussing the assassination of President Garfield] Well there's a dignity royalty. A majesty that precludes the likelihood of assassination. If you were to point a pistol at a king or a queen your hands would shakes as though palsied. Barber: Oh I wouldn't point no pistol at nobody sir. English Bob: Well that's a wise policy, as wise policy. But if you did. I can assure you, if you did, that the sight of royalty would cause you to dismiss all thoughts of bloodshed and you would stand... how shall I put it? In awe. Now, a president... well I mean... [chuckles] English Bob: why not shoot a president.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: I don't deserve this... to die like this. I was building a house. Will Munny: Deserve's got nothin' to do with it. Little Bill Daggett: I'll see you in hell William Munny. Will Munny: ...Yeah... Will Munny: [Shoots Little Bill in the head]

§Unforgiven ¤ [the night after Davey is killed, a rock is thrown through the ladies' window] Man: Murderin' whores! Strawberry Alice: [screaming out the window] HE HAD IT COMING! THEY ALL HAVE IT COMING!

§Unforgiven ¤ [about the house the Sheriff's building] Clyde: You know, he don't have a straight angle in that whole god-damned porch, or the whole house for that matter. He is the worst damn carpenter.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: Wanna help me count this, kid? The Schofield Kid: I trust you. Will Munny: Don't go trusting me too much.

§Unforgiven ¤ [Little Bill viciously kicks English Bob] Little Bill Daggett: I guess you think I'm kicking you, Bob. But it ain't so. What I'm doing is talking, you hear? I'm talking to all those villains down there in Kansas. I'm talking to all those villains in Missouri. And all those villains down there in Cheyenne. And what I'm saying is there ain't no whore's gold. And if there was, how they wouldn't want to come looking for it anyhow.

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: Now Ned, them whores are going to tell different lies than you. And when their lies ain't the same as your lies... Well, I ain't gonna hurt no woman. But I'm gonna hurt you. And not gentle like before... but bad.

§Unforgiven ¤ The Schofield Kid: You still think he's in there? the outhouse Will Munny: Yeah, he's in there. The Schofield Kid: Well he's holding onto his shit like it was money.

§Unforgiven ¤ English Bob: This Strawberry Alice person, tell me again. Barber: Down the street and across. Greely's Beer Garden and Billiard Parlour. Just ask for Alice; say you want a game of billiards. English Bob: Even though I don't really wish to play. Barber: They burned the table in '78 for firewood. English Bob: Quite right. Quite right.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: Here, take this money and give my half and Ned's half to my kids. Tell 'em if I ain't back in a week, they give half to Sally Two-Trees. You keep the rest, you can get them spectacles now.

§Unforgiven ¤ Strawberry Alice: Just because we let them smelly fools ride us like horses don't mean we gotta let 'em brand us like horses. Maybe we ain't nothing but whores but we, by god, we ain't horses.

§Unforgiven ¤ Strawberry Alice: You just kicked the shit out of an innocent man. Little Bill Daggett: Innocent? Innocent of what?

§Unforgiven ¤ Little Bill Daggett: Now all you gotta do is pull the trigger mister.

§Unforgiven ¤ Will Munny: Hey, Kid! Ned Logan: KID? Is that Kid shooting at us?

§Unforgiven ¤ [about the two cowboys who cut Delilah's face] Strawberry Alice: You mean you ain't even gonna whip 'em? Little Bill Daggett: Well, I fined 'em instead, Alice. Strawberry Alice: [furious] After what they done? Skinny gets some ponies and that's it? That ain't fair, Little Bill. That ain't fair! Little Bill Daggett: Haven't you seen enough blood for one night? Hell, Alice, it's not like they was tramps, or loafers, or bad men. Just two hard-working boys that was foolish. If they was given over to wickedness in a regular way...

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Dr. Rosen: Imagine if you suddenly learned that the people, the places, the moments most important to you were not gone, not dead, but worse, had never been. What kind of hell would that be?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: How big is the universe? Nash: Infinite. Alicia: How do you know? Nash: I know because all the data indicates it's infinite. Alicia: But it hasn't been proven yet. Nash: No. Alicia: You haven't seen it. Nash: No. Alicia: How do you know for sure? Nash: I don't, I just believe it. Alicia: It's the same with love I guess.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Hansen: So how about it, Nash? You scared? Nash: Terrified... mortified... petrified... stupefied... by you.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ [from deleted scene] Nash: Perhaps it is good to have a beautiful mind, but an even greater gift is to discover a beautiful heart.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: [Making an acceptance speech in front of the Nobel prize audience during the ceremony] I've always believed in numbers, in equations, in logic and reason.But after a lifetime of such pursuits: I ask What truly is logic? Who decides reason? My quest has taken me to the physical, the metaphysical, the delusional, and back. I have made the most important discovery of my career - the most important discovery of my life. It is only in the mysterious equations of love that any logic or reasons can be found. I am only here tonight because of you Nash: [looking at and speaking to Alicia] Nash: You are the only reason I am. You are all my reasons. Thank you. [applause from audience]

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: Can you see him? Student: Yeah. Nash: Okay. I am always suspicious of new people. Now that I know you're real, who are you, and what can I do for you?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: Classes will dull your mind, destroy the potential for authentic creativity.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: You once said that God must be a painter because he gave us so many colors. Alicia: I didn't think you were listening... Nash: I was listening.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: I've gotten used to ignoring them and I think, as a result, they've kind of given up on me. I think that's what it's like with all our dreams and our nightmares, Martin, we've got to keep feeding them for them to stay alive.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: I need to believe, that something extraordinary is possible.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: If we all go for the blonde and block each other, not a single one of us is going to get her. So then we go for her friends, but they will all give us the cold shoulder because no on likes to be second choice. But what if none of us goes for the blonde? We won't get in each other's way and we won't insult the other girls. It's the only way to win. It's the only way we all get laid.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: I find you attractive. Your aggressive moves toward me... indicate that you feel the same way. But still, ritual requires that we continue with a number of platonic activities... before we have sex. I am proceeding with these activities, but in point of actual fact, all I really want to do is have intercourse with you as soon as possible. [pause] Nash: Are you gonna slap me now?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: Alicia, does our relationship warrant long-term commitment? I need some kind of proof, some kind of verifiable, empirical data. Alicia: I'm sorry, just give me a moment to redefine my girlish notions of romance.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: This class will be a waste of your - and what is infinitely worse - my time.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Charles: Nothing's ever for sure, John. That's the only sure thing I do know.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: I've made the most important discovery of my life. It's only in the mysterious equation of love that any logic or reasons can be found. I'm only here tonight because of you. You are the only reason I am... you are all my reasons.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: [about the stars] I once tried to count them all. I, actually, made it to 4,348. Nash: You are exceptionally odd. Alicia: I bet you're very popular with the girls.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: [to Thomas King] I still see things that are not here. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Like a diet of the mind, I just choose not to indulge certain appetites; like my appetite for patterns; perhaps my appetite to imagine and to dream.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: The problem you left on the board, I solved it. John Nash: No, you didn't. Alicia: You didn't even look! John Nash: I never said the vector fields were rational functions... Your solution is elegant, though ultimately incorrect.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: I was wondering Professor Nash, if I could take you to dinner? [he hesitates] Alicia: You do eat, don't you?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ [Hansen is concerned about John still having hallucinations] Nash: They are my past. Everyone is haunted by their past.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: God must be a painter. Why else would we have so many colors?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Dr. Rosen: You can't reason your way out of this! Nash: Why not? Why can't I? Dr. Rosen: Because your mind is where the problem is in the first place!

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: There's no point in being nuts if you can't have a little fun.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ MIT Student: Can we open up the window, Professor? It's hot in here. John Nash: Your comfort comes second to my ability to hear my own voice.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: I don't exactly know what I am required to say in order for you to have intercourse with me. But could we assume that I said all that. I mean essentially we are talking about fluid exchange right? So could we go just straight to the sex.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: She never gets old! Marcee can't be real; she never gets old!

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: In competitive behavior someone always loses. Charles: Well, my niece knows that, John, and she's about this high. Nash: See if I derive an equilibrium where prevalence is a non-singular event where nobody loses, can you imagine the effect that would have on conflict scenarios, arm negotiations... Charles: When did you last eat? Nash: ...currency exchange? Charles: When did you last eat? You know, food. Nash: You have no respect for cognitive reverie, you know that? Charles: Yes. But pizza - now, pizza I have enormous respect for. And of course beer. [leaves] Nash: [throws stuff down and follows] I have respect for beer. I have respect for beer!

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Charles: So what's your story? You the poor kid that never got to go to Exeter or Andover? Nash: Despite my privileged upbringing, I'm actually quite well-balanced. I have a chip on both shoulders.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Charles: Her husband was too drunk to know he was too drunk to drive.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: Find a truly original idea. It is the only way I will ever distinguish myself. It is the only way I will ever matter.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: You want to know what's real? This... [putting her hand on his heart and his hand on her face] Alicia: ... this is real.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ General: You ever... just know something, Dr. Nash? Nash: Constantly.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ [first lines] Helinger: Mathematicians won the war. Mathematicians broke the Japanese codes... and built the A-bomb. Mathematicians... like you. The stated goal of the Soviets is global Communism. In medicine or economics, in technology or space, battle lines are being drawn. To triumph, we need results. Publishable, applicable results. Now who among you will be the next Morse? The next Einstein? Who among you will be the vanguard of democracy, freedom, and discovery? Today, we bequeath America's future into your able hands. Welcome to Princeton, gentlemen.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ John Nash: Hello, Martin. Martin Hansen: Jesus Christ. John Nash: No. I don't have that one. My savior complex takes a different form.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Charles: [offering Nash a flask of whiskey] Listen. If we can't break the ice, how 'bout we drown it?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Parcher: Man is capable of as much atrocity as he has imagination.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: It looks like you won after all. Hansen: No. They were wrong, John. No one wins.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Alicia: It's called "life," John. Activities available; just add meaning.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Charles: That Isaac Newton fellow was right. Nash: He was on to something. Charles: Clever boy.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ John Nash: And then, on the way home, Charles was there again. Sometimes I miss talking to him. Maybe Rosen is right. Maybe I have to think about going back to the hospital. Alicia Nash: Maybe try again tomorrow.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ [showing Charles one of his window equations] Nash: This is a group playing touch football. This is a flock of pigeons fighting over bread crumbs. And this is a woman chasing a man who stole her purse. Charles: John, you watched a mugging. That's weird.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: There has to be a mathematical explanation for how bad that tie is.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: Classes will dull your mind.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Charles: Mathematics... mathematics is never going to lead you to higher truth and you know why? Because it's boring!

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: Good morning, eager young minds

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: [to Charles] The prodigal roommate revealed. "Saw my name on the lecture slate." YOU LYING SON OF A BITCH! Dr. Rosen: Who are you talking to? Tell me who you see. Nash: How do you say "Charles Herman" in Russian?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Hansen: Nash. Who's winning - you, or you?

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Charles: When's the last time you ate? You know... food.

§A Beautiful Mind ¤ Nash: Well, Martin Hansen. It is Martin, isn't it? Hansen: Why yes, John, it is. Nash: I assume you've gotten quite used to miscalculation. I read your pre-prints. Both of 'em. One on Nazi scientists and the other one on, uh... non-linear equations, and I'm extremely confident that there's not one seminal or innovative idea in either one of them... Enjoy your punch.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Anton Chigurh: What's the most you ever lost on a coin toss? Gas Station Proprietor: Sir? Anton Chigurh: The most. You ever lost. On a coin toss. Gas Station Proprietor: I don't know. I couldn't say. [Chigurh flips a quarter from the change on the counter and covers it with his hand] Anton Chigurh: Call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Call it? Anton Chigurh: Yes. Gas Station Proprietor: For what? Anton Chigurh: Just call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Well, we need to know what we're calling it for here. Anton Chigurh: You need to call it. I can't call it for you. It wouldn't be fair. Gas Station Proprietor: I didn't put nothin' up. Anton Chigurh: Yes, you did. You've been putting it up your whole life, you just didn't know it. You know what date is on this coin? Gas Station Proprietor: No. Anton Chigurh: 1958. It's been traveling twenty-two years to get here. And now it's here. And it's either heads or tails. And you have to say. Call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Look, I need to know what I stand to win. Anton Chigurh: Everything. Gas Station Proprietor: How's that? Anton Chigurh: You stand to win everything. Call it. Gas Station Proprietor: Alright. Heads then. [Chigurh removes his hand, revealing the coin is indeed heads] Anton Chigurh: Well done. [the gas station proprietor nervously takes the quarter with the small pile of change he's apparently won while Chigurh starts out] Anton Chigurh: Don't put it in your pocket, sir. Don't put it in your pocket. It's your lucky quarter. Gas Station Proprietor: Where do you want me to put it? Anton Chigurh: Anywhere not in your pocket. Where it'll get mixed in with the others and become just a coin. Which it is. [Chigurh leaves and the gas station proprietor stares at him as he walks out]

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean Moss: You don't have to do this. Anton Chigurh: [smiles] People always say the same thing. Carla Jean Moss: What do they say? Anton Chigurh: They say, "You don't have to do this." Carla Jean Moss: You don't. Anton Chigurh: Okay. [Chigurh flips a coin and covers it with his hand] Anton Chigurh: This is the best I can do. Call it. Carla Jean Moss: I knowed you was crazy when I saw you sitting there. I knowed exactly what was in store for me. Anton Chigurh: Call it. Carla Jean Moss: No. I ain't gonna call it. Anton Chigurh: Call it. Carla Jean Moss: The coin don't have no say. It's just you. Anton Chigurh: Well, I got here the same way the coin did.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Llewelyn Moss: If I don't come back, tell mother I love her. Carla Jean Moss: Your mother's dead, Llewelyn. Llewelyn Moss: Well then I'll tell her myself.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ellis: What you got ain't nothin' new. This country's hard on people. You can't stop what's coming. It ain't all waiting on you. That's vanity.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Anton Chigurh: [indicating bag of cashews] How much? Gas Station Proprietor: Sixty-nine cent. Anton Chigurh: This. And the gas. Gas Station Proprietor: Y'all gettin' any rain up your way? Anton Chigurh: What way would that be? Gas Station Proprietor: I seen you was from Dallas. Anton Chigurh: What business is it of yours where I'm from, friendo? Gas Station Proprietor: I didn't mean nothin' by it. Anton Chigurh: Didn't mean nothin'. Gas Station Proprietor: I was just passin' the time. If you don't wanna accept that I don't know what else to do for you. Will there be something else? Anton Chigurh: I don't know. Will there? Gas Station Proprietor: Is somethin' wrong? Anton Chigurh: With what? Gas Station Proprietor: With anything? Anton Chigurh: Is that what you're asking me? Is there something wrong with anything? Gas Station Proprietor: Will there be anything else? Anton Chigurh: You already asked me that. Gas Station Proprietor: Well... I need to see about closin'. Anton Chigurh: See about closing. Gas Station Proprietor: Yessir. Anton Chigurh: What time do you close? Gas Station Proprietor: Now. We close now. Anton Chigurh: Now is not a time. What time do you close?

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: That man that shot you died in prison. Ellis: Angola. Yeah... Ed Tom Bell: What you'd done he had been released? Ellis: Oh, I dunno. Nothing. Wouldn't be no point in it. Ed Tom Bell: I'm kindly surprised to hear you say that. Ellis: Well all the time ya spend trying to get back what's been took from ya, more is going out the door. After a while you just have to try to get a tourniquet on it. Your granddad never asked me to sign on as a deputy.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Loretta Bell: Be careful. Ed Tom Bell: I always am. Loretta Bell: Don't get hurt. Ed Tom Bell: I never do. Loretta Bell: Don't hurt no one. Ed Tom Bell: [smiles] Well. If you say so.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Man who hires Wells: [about Chigurh] Just how dangerous is he? Carson Wells: Compared to what? The bubonic plague?

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Llewelyn Moss: [talking over phone] Hello? Anton Chigurh: Yes? Llewelyn Moss: Is, uh, Carson Wells there? Anton Chigurh: Not in the sense that you mean. You need to come see me. Llewelyn Moss: Who is this? Anton Chigurh: You know who it is. You need to talk to me. Llewelyn Moss: I don't need to talk to you. Anton Chigurh: I think you do. Do you know where I'm going? Llewelyn Moss: Why would I care where you're going? Anton Chigurh: I know where you are. Llewelyn Moss: Yeah? Where am I? Anton Chigurh: You're in the hospital across the river, but that's not where I'm going. Do you know where I'm going? Llewelyn Moss: [blood flows on the floor, and so Chigurh lifts his feet and rests them on the bed] Yeah, I know where you're going. Anton Chigurh: Alright. Llewelyn Moss: You know she won't be there. Anton Chigurh: It doesn't make any difference where she is. Llewelyn Moss: So what are you going up there for? Anton Chigurh: You know how this is going to turn out, don't you? Llewelyn Moss: Nope. Anton Chigurh: I think you do. So this is what I'll offer - you bring me the money and I'll let her go. Otherwise she's accountable, same as you. That's the best deal you're gonna get. I won't tell you you can save yourself, because you can't.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Wendell: [Viewing the desert crime scene] It's a mess, ain't it, Sheriff? Ed Tom Bell: If it ain't, it'll do till the mess gets here.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ [first lines] Ed Tom Bell: I was sheriff of this county when I was twenty-five years old. Hard to believe. My grandfather was a lawman; father too. Me and him was sheriffs at the same time; him up in Plano and me out here. I think he's pretty proud of that. I know I was. Some of the old time sheriffs never even wore a gun. A lotta folks find that hard to believe. Jim Scarborough'd never carried one; that's the younger Jim. Gaston Boykins wouldn't wear one up in Comanche County. I always liked to hear about the oldtimers. Never missed a chance to do so. You can't help but compare yourself against the oldtimers. Can't help but wonder how they would have operated these times. There was this boy I sent to the 'lectric chair at Huntsville Hill here a while back. My arrest and my testimony. He killt a fourteen-year-old girl. Papers said it was a crime of passion but he told me there wasn't any passion to it. Told me that he'd been planning to kill somebody for about as long as he could remember. Said that if they turned him out he'd do it again. Said he knew he was going to hell. "Be there in about fifteen minutes". I don't know what to make of that. I sure don't. The crime you see now, it's hard to even take its measure. It's not that I'm afraid of it. I always knew you had to be willing to die to even do this job. But, I don't want to push my chips forward and go out and meet something I don't understand. A man would have to put his soul at hazard. He'd have to say, "O.K., I'll be part of this world."

§No Country for Old Men ¤ [last lines] Loretta Bell: How'd you sleep? Ed Tom Bell: I don't know. Had dreams. Loretta Bell: Well you got time for 'em now. Anythin' interesting? Ed Tom Bell: They always is to the party concerned. Loretta Bell: Ed Tom, I'll be polite. Ed Tom Bell: Alright then. Two of 'em. Both had my father in 'em. It's peculiar. I'm older now then he ever was by twenty years. So in a sense he's the younger man. Anyway, first one I don't remember too well but it was about meeting him in town somewhere, he's gonna give me some money. I think I lost it. The second one, it was like we was both back in older times and I was on horseback goin' through the mountains of a night. Goin' through this pass in the mountains. It was cold and there was snow on the ground and he rode past me and kept on goin'. Never said nothin' goin' by. He just rode on past... and he had his blanket wrapped around him and his head down and when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. 'Bout the color of the moon. And in the dream I knew that he was goin' on ahead and he was fixin' to make a fire somewhere out there in all that dark and all that cold, and I knew that whenever I got there he would be there. And then I woke up...

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Anton Chigurh: And you know what's going to happen now. You should admit your situation. There would be more dignity in it. Carson Wells: You go to hell. Anton Chigurh: [Chuckles] Alright. Let me ask you something. If the rule you followed brought you to this, of what use was the rule? Carson Wells: Do you have any idea how crazy you are? Anton Chigurh: You mean the nature of this conversation? Carson Wells: I mean the nature of you.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carson Wells: Call me when you've had enough. I can even let you keep a little of the money. Llewelyn Moss: If I was cuttin' deals, why wouldn't I go deal with this guy Sugar? Carson Wells: Oh, no, no. You don't understand. You can't make a deal with him. Even if you gave him the money he'd still kill you just for - inconveniencin' him. He's a peculiar man. You might even say that he has principles. Principles that transcend money or drugs or anything like that. He's not like you. He's not even like me. Llewelyn Moss: He don't talk as much as you, I give him points for that.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Wendell: You think this boy Moss has got any notion of the sorts of sons of bitches that're huntin' him? Ed Tom Bell: I don't know, he ought to. He's seen the same things I've seen, and it's certainly made an impression on me.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: Now that's aggravatin'. Wendell: Sheriff? Ed Tom Bell: [points to a bottle of milk] Still sweatin'. Wendell: Whoa, Sheriff! We just missed him! We gotta circulate this! On Radio! Ed Tom Bell: Alright. What we circulate? Lookin' for a man who has recently drunk milk?

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: Carla Jean, thank you for coming. Carla Jean Moss: Don't know why I did. I told you, I don't know where he is. Ed Tom Bell: You hadn't heard from him? Carla Jean Moss: No, I ain't. Ed Tom Bell: Nuthin'? Carla Jean Moss: Not word one. Ed Tom Bell: Would you tell me if you had? Carla Jean Moss: Well, I don't know. He don't need any trouble from you. Ed Tom Bell: It ain't me he's in trouble with. Carla Jean Moss: Who's he in trouble with then? Ed Tom Bell: Some pretty bad people. These people will kill him, Carla Jean. They won't quit. Carla Jean Moss: He won't neither. He never has. He can take all comers. Ed Tom Bell: [Ed Tom sighs heavily] You know Charlie Walser's, got that place out east of Sanderson? Well, you know how they used to slaughter beeves, hit 'em right there with a maul, truss 'em up and slit their throats? Here, ol' Charlie's got one all trussed up, all set to drain him and the beef comes to, starts thrashing around. Six hundred pounds of very pissed-off livestock. If you'll excuse the... Well... Charlie grabs the gun there, shoot the damn thing in the head, but with all the swingin' and the thrashin', it's a glance-shot, ricochets around, comes back and hits Charlie in the shoulder. You go see Charlie, he still can't pick up his right hand for his hat... The point bein', that even in the contest between man and steer, the issue is not certain.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: But I think once you quit hearing "sir" and "ma'am," the rest is soon to foller.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: [talking to Ellis] I always figured when I got older, God would sorta come inta my life somehow. And he didn't. I don't blame him. If I was him I would have the same opinion of me that he does.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Man who hires Wells: Did I say you could sit? Carson Wells: No, but you strike me as a man who wouldn't want to waste his chair.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carson Wells: I was wondering... Man who hires Wells: Yes? Carson Wells: Could you validate my parking ticket? Man who hires Wells: An attempt at humor, I suppose. Carson Wells: I'm sorry... You know, I counted the floors to this building from the street. Man who hires Wells: [sighs] And? Carson Wells: There's one missing. Man who hires Wells: [sarcastically] We'll look into it.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Sporting Goods Clerk: Tent poles? Llewelyn Moss: Mmm-hmm. Sporting Goods Clerk: You already have a tent? Llewelyn Moss: Well, somethin' like that. Sporting Goods Clerk: Well, you give me the model number on the tent, I can order you the poles. Llewelyn Moss: Nah, never mind. I want a tent. Sporting Goods Clerk: Well, what kinda tent? Llewelyn Moss: The kind with the most poles.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Wendell: We goin' in? Ed Tom Bell: Gun out and up. Wendell: [Wendell draws his pistol] What about yours? Ed Tom Bell: I'm hidin' behind you.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Boot Salesman: [Moss walks in wearing his hospital robe] How those Larry's holdin' up? Llewelyn Moss: Uh, oh, good. Good! I need everything else. Boot Salesman: OK. Llewelyn Moss: Lotta people come in here without any clothes on? Boot Salesman: No sir, it's unusual.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Wendell: That's very linear, Sheriff. Ed Tom Bell: Well, age will flatten a man.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean Moss: Where'd you get the pistol? Llewelyn Moss: At the gettin' place. Carla Jean Moss: Did you buy that gun? Llewelyn Moss: No. I found it. Carla Jean Moss: Llewelyn! Llewelyn Moss: What? Quit hollerin'. Carla Jean Moss: What'd you give for that thing? Llewelyn Moss: You don't need to know everything, Carla Jean. Carla Jean Moss: I need to know that. Llewelyn Moss: You keep runnin' that mouth I'm gonna' take you in the back and screw ya'. Carla Jean Moss: Big talk. Llewelyn Moss: Keep it up. Carla Jean Moss: Fine. I don't wanna' know. I don't even wanna' know where you been all day. Llewelyn Moss: That'll work.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean Moss: I got a bad feeling, Llewelyn. Llewelyn Moss: Well I got a good feeling, so that should even out.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean Moss: Llewelyn? Llewelyn Moss: Yeah? Carla Jean Moss: What are you doing, baby? Llewelyn Moss: I'm going out. Carla Jean Moss: Going where? Llewelyn Moss: There's something I forgot to do, but I'll be back. Carla Jean Moss: And what are you going to do? Llewelyn Moss: I'm fixin' to do something dumber than hell, but I'm going anyways.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Poolside Woman: Oh... that's who you keep looking out the window for? Llewelyn Moss: Half... Poolside Woman: What else then...? Llewelyn Moss: Just looking for what's coming... Poolside Woman: Yeah... But no one ever sees that coming...

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Wendell: You know, there might not have been no money. Ed Tom Bell: That's possible. Wendell: But you don't believe it. Ed Tom Bell: No. Probably I don't. Wendell: It's a mess, ain't it, sheriff? Ed Tom Bell: If it ain't, it'll do till the mess gets here.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ El Paso Sheriff: Yea, well, none of that explains your man though. Ed Tom Bell: Uh-huh. El Paso Sheriff: He's just a goddamn homicidal lunatic, Ed Tom. Ed Tom Bell: I'm not sure he's a lunatic. El Paso Sheriff: Yeah ,well what would you call him? Ed Tom Bell: Well, sometimes I think he's pretty much a ghost. El Paso Sheriff: Oh, he's real all right. Ed Tom Bell: Oh yeah. El Paso Sheriff: Yeah, all that over at the Eagle Hotel? Huh, it's beyond everything. Ed Tom Bell: Yeah. Got some hard bark on him. El Paso Sheriff: Well - well, that don't hardly say it. He shoots the desk clerk one day, walks right back in the next and shoots a retired army colonel. Ed Tom Bell: It's hard to believe. El Paso Sheriff: Just strolls right back into a crime scene. Now, who'd do such a thing? How do you defend against it?

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Anton Chigurh: Would you hold still, please, sir?

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Anton Chigurh: I'm looking for Llewelyn Moss. Desert Aire Manager: Did you go up to his trailer? Anton Chigurh: Yes, I did. Desert Aire Manager: Well, I'd say he's at work. Do you want to leave a message? Anton Chigurh: Where does he work? Desert Aire Manager: I can't say. Anton Chigurh: Where does he work? Desert Aire Manager: Sir, I ain't at liberty to give out no information about our residents. Anton Chigurh: Where does he work? Desert Aire Manager: Did you not hear me? We can't give out no information.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Wendell: Aw, hell's bells. They even shot the dog!

§No Country for Old Men ¤ [Anton has just shot the Man who hires Wells in the throat, and is standing over his body] [to Nervous Accountant] Anton Chigurh: Who are you? Nervous Accountant: Me? Anton Chigurh: Yes. Nervous Accountant: Nobody... accounting. Anton Chigurh: He gave the Mexicans a receiver. [Anton sighs] Nervous Accountant: He feels... he felt that the more people looking... . [cut-off by Anton] Anton Chigurh: That's foolish. You pick the one right tool. Nervous Accountant: I see. Are you going to shoot me? Anton Chigurh: That depends. Do you see me?

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carson Wells: [sitting by bed] Buenos Dias. I'm guessing this isn't the future you had planned for yourself when you first clapped eyes on that money. Don't worry, I'm not the man who's after you. Llewelyn Moss: [in bed] I know that. I've seen him. Carson Wells: You've seen him, and you're not dead? Llewelyn Moss: What's this guy supposed to be, the ultimate badass? Carson Wells: No, I wouldn't describe him as that. Llewelyn Moss: How would you describe him? Carson Wells: I guess I would say he doesn't have a sense of humor. His name is Chigurh. Llewelyn Moss: Sugar? Carson Wells: Chigurh, Anton Chigurh. Do you know how he found you? Llewelyn Moss: Yeah, I know how he found me. Carson Wells: Called a transponder. Llewelyn Moss: Yeah, I know what it's called. He won't find me again. Carson Wells: Not that way. Llewelyn Moss: Not any way. Carson Wells: Took me about three hours. Llewelyn Moss: Yeah, well, I been immobile. Carson Wells: No, you don't understand.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean Moss: Sheriff, was that a true story about Charlie Walser? Ed Tom Bell: Who's Charlie Walser? Oh! Well... uh... a true story? I couldn't swear to every detail but it's certainly true that it is a story.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: You ride Winston. Wendell: You sure? Ed Tom Bell: Oh, I'm sure. Anything happens to Loretta's horse, I can tell ya I don't want to be the party that was on board.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean Moss: What's in the satchel? Llewelyn Moss: It's full of money. Carla Jean Moss: [sarcastically] Yeah, that'll be the day.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Wendell: [referring to the dead bodies in the desert] How come you reckon the coyotes ain't been at them? Ed Tom Bell: I don't know. Supposedly, a coyote won't eat a Mexican.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: The motel in Del Rio? Wendell: Yes, sir. None of the three had I.D. on 'em, but they're tellin' me all three is Mexican... was Mexicans. Ed Tom Bell: There's a question, whether they stopped being and when. Wendell: Yes, sir.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean's Mother: And I always seen this is what it would come to. Three years ago I pre-visioned it. Carla Jean Moss: It ain't even three years we been married. Carla Jean's Mother: Three years ago I said them very words. No and Good. Cabbie at Bus Station: Yes, ma'am. Carla Jean's Mother: Now here we are. Ninety degree heat. I got the cancer. And look at this. Not even a home to go to. Cabbie at Bus Station: Yes, ma'am. Carla Jean's Mother: We're goin' to El Paso Texas. You know how many people I know in El Paso, Texas? Cabbie at Bus Station: No, ma'am. Carla Jean's Mother: [She holds up thumb and forefinger curled to make an O] That's how many. Ninety degree heat.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Llewelyn Moss: Yeah, I'm going to bring you something, alright. I decided to make you a special project of mine. You ain't going have to come looking for me at all. [Moss hangs up the phone]

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Llewelyn Moss: [after finding the drug crime scene] ... Where's the last guy? Ultimo hombre. Last man standing. Must've been one.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: Here last week they found this couple out in California. They rent out rooms for old people, kill' em, bury' em in the yard, cash their social security checks. Well, they'd torture 'em first. I don't know why. Maybe the television set was broke.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Carla Jean's Mother: It's not often you see a Mexican in a suit.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Ed Tom Bell: How many of those things you got now? Ellis: Cats? Several. Well, depends what you mean by got. Some are half-wild and some are just outlaws.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ "Managerial" Victim #2: [to Chigurh] Mind riding bitch?

§No Country for Old Men ¤ El Paso Sheriff: What's it mean? What's it leadin' to? You know, if you'd have told me 20 years ago, that I'd see children walking the streets of our Texas towns with green hair and bones in their noses, I just flat-out wouldn't have believed you. Ed Tom Bell: Signs and wonders. But I think once you quit hearing "sir" and "ma'am," the rest is soon to foller. El Paso Sheriff: Oh, it's the tide. It's the dismal tide.

§No Country for Old Men ¤ Llewelyn Moss: And by anybody I mean any swingin' dick.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Gold Hat: Badges? We ain't got no badges. We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinking badges.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: Ah, as long as there's no find, the noble brotherhood will last but when the piles of gold begin to grow... that's when the trouble starts.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Curtin: You know, the worst ain't so bad when it finally happens. Not half as bad as you figure it'll be before it's happened.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: You're sure he was trailin' you are ya? Curtin: Absolutely. Dobbs: How come? Curtin: Cuz there he is.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: Say, mister. Will you stake a fellow American to a meal? American in Tampico in white suit: Such impudence never came my way. Early this afternoon I gave you money... while I was having my shoes polished I gave you MORE money... now you put the bite on me again. Do me a favor, will ya? Go occasionally to somebody else - it's beginning to get tiresome. Dobbs: Ah, excuse me, mister, I never knowed it was you. I never looked at your face - I just looked at your hands and the money you gave me. Beg pardon, mister, I promise I'll never put the bite on you again. American in Tampico in white suit: [gives him a peso] This is the very last you get from me. Just to make sure you don't forget your promise, here's another peso. [puts another peso in Dobbs' hand] Dobbs: Thanks, mister. Thanks. American in Tampico in white suit: But from now on, you'll have to make your way through life without my assistance.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ [Howard eats, while Dobbs and Curtin snooze] Howard: Hey you fellas, how 'bout some beans? You want some beans? Goin' through some mighty rough country tomorrow, you'd better have some beans.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: We've wounded this mountain. It's our duty to close her wounds. It's the least we can do to show our gratitude for all the wealth she's given us. If you guys don't want to help me, I'll do it alone. Curtin: You talk about that mountain like it was a real woman. Dobbs: She's been a lot better to me than any woman I ever knew. Keep your shirt on, old-timer. Sure, I'll help ya.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: I think I'll go to sleep and dream about piles of gold getting bigger and bigger and bigger.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Curtin: Remember what you said back in Tampico about having to carry that old man on our backs? Dobbs: That was when I took him for an ordinary human being, not part goat.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: I know what gold does to men's souls.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Gold Hat: We are the Federales... You know... The mounted police. Dobbs: If you're the police, where are your badges? Gold Hat: Badges?... We ain't got no badges. We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinking badges!

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: Say, answer me this one, will you? Why is gold worth some twenty bucks an ounce? Flophouse Bum: I don't know. Because it's scarce. Howard: A thousand men, say, go searchin' for gold. After six months, one of them's lucky: one out of a thousand. His find represents not only his own labor, but that of nine hundred and ninety-nine others to boot. That's six thousand months, five hundred years, scramblin' over a mountain, goin' hungry and thirsty. An ounce of gold, mister, is worth what it is because of the human labor that went into the findin' and the gettin' of it. Flophouse Bum: I never thought of it just like that. Howard: Well, there's no other explanation, mister. Gold itself ain't good for nothing except making jewelry with and gold teeth.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: Let's see, three times 35 - is a hundred and five. I'll bet you 105,000 dollars that you go to sleep before I do.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: Conscience. What a thing. If you believe you got a conscience it'll pester you to death. But if you don't believe you got one, what could it do t'ya? Makes me sick, all this talking and fussing about nonsense.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: [in one sentence] Do you believe that stuff the old man was saying the other night at the Oso Negro about gold changin' a man's soul so's he ain't the same sort of man as he was before findin' it?

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Cody: You know, you've got to hand it to the Mexicans when if comes to swift justice. Once the Federales get their mitts on a criminal, they know just what to do with him. They hand him a shovel, tell him where to dig, when he's dug deep enough, they tell him to put the shovel down, smoke a cigarette, and say his prayers. In another five minutes, he's being covered over with the dirt he dug out.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: If I were you boys, I wouldn't talk or even think about women. T'aint good for your health.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: Hey, if there was gold in them mountains, how long would it have been there? Millions and millions of years, wouldn't it? What's our hurry? A couple of days, more or less, ain't gonna make a difference.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: Water's precious. Sometimes may be more precious than gold.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: This is the country where the nuggets of gold are just crying out for you to take them out of the ground and make 'em shine in coins on the fingers and necks of swell dames.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: Nobody puts one over on Fred C. Dobbs.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: Aah, gold's a devilish sort of thing, anyway. You start out, you tell yourself you'll be satisfied with 25,000 handsome smackers worth of it. So help me, Lord, and cross my heart. Fine resolution. After months of sweatin' yourself dizzy, and growin' short on provisions, and findin' nothin', you finally come down to 15,000, then ten. Finally, you say, "Lord, let me just find $5,000 worth and I'll never ask for anythin' more the rest of my life." Flophouse Bum: $5,000 is a lot of money. Howard: Yeah, here in this joint it seems like a lot. But I tell you, if you was to make a real strike, you couldn't be dragged away. Not even the threat of miserable death would keep you from trying to add 10,000 more. Ten, you'd want to get twenty-five; twenty-five you'd want to get fifty; fifty, a hundred. Like roulette. One more turn, you know. Always one more.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: Without me, you two would die here, more miserable than rats.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: Now here's where we're bound for, hereabouts. Don't show properly whether there's mountains, swamp, or desert. That shows the makers of the map themselves don't know for sure. Once on the ground, all we gotta do is open our eyes and look around. Yes, and blow our noses, too. Believe it or not, I knew a fellow once who could smell gold like a jackass can smell water.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: Why am I elected to go to the village? Why me instead of you and Curtin? Oh, don't think I don't see through that. You two've thrown in against me. The two days I'd be gone would give you plenty of time to discover where my goods are, wouldn't it? Howard: If you feel along those lines, why don't you take your goods with you? Dobbs: And run the risk of having them taken from me by bandits? Howard: If you was to run into bandits, you'd be out of luck anyway. They'd kill you for the shoes on your feet. Dobbs: Oh, so that's it. Everything's clear now. You're hoping bandits will get me. That would save you a lot of trouble, wouldn't it? And your consciences wouldn't bother you none, neither.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Howard: Ah, $25,000.00 is plenty as far as I'm concerned. Enough to last me out the rest of my lifetime. Dobbs: Sure. You're old, I'm young. I need dough and plenty of it!

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: You two guys musta been born in a revival meeting.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ [last lines] Howard: Well, goodbye Curtin. Curtin: Goodbye, Howard. Howard: Good luck. Curtin: Same to you.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: You know what I'm thinkin'. I'm thinkin' we ought to give up. Leave the whole outfit - everything behind and go back to civilization. Howard: What's that you say? Go back? Ha, ha. Well, tell my old grandmother! I've got two very elegant bedfellows who kick at the first drop of rain and hide in the closet when thunder rumbles. My, my, my, what great prospectors, two shoe clerks readin' a magazine about prospectin' for gold in the land of the midnight sun, south of the border, or west of the Rockies, ha, ha, ha... Dobbs: [picking up a rock] Shut your trap! Shut up or I'll smash your head flat. Howard: Go ahead, go ahead, throw it. If you did, you'd never leave this wilderness alive. Without me, you two would die here more miserable than rats. Curtin: [to Dobbs] Aw, leave him alone. Can't you see the old man's nuts? Howard: Let me tell you something, my two fine bedfellows, you're so dumb, there's nothin' to compare ya with, you're dumber than the dumbest jackass. Look at each other, will ya? Did you ever see anything like yourself for bein' dumb specimens. You're so dumb, you don't even see the riches you're treadin' on with your own feet. Yeah, don't expect to find nuggets of molten gold. It's rich but not that rich. And here ain't the place to dig. It comes from someplace further up. Up there, up there's where we've got to go. UP THERE!

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Mexican Boy Selling Lottery Tickets: Senor! Give me my money Senor! 10% I get for selling the winning ticket! Dobbs: Get away from me, will you? Mexican Boy Selling Lottery Tickets: Aww, please Senor. Whoever draws the lucky number gives away the present to the seller. Dobbs: I tell you, I don't want any lottery ticket. Mexican Boy Selling Lottery Tickets: If you don't, you have bad luck rest of your life. Dobbs: Wait a minute, what did you first say? Howard: He's trying to tell you, he sold you the winning ticket. Dobbs: Hey, hey, wait a minute, this is what you mean? Mexican Boy Selling Lottery Tickets: Si, Senor! Dobbs: You say it's a winner? Mexican Boy Selling Lottery Tickets: Si, A 200 Pesos prize. Tres-Siete-Dos-Uno Dobbs: Hey, that's my number. Sure enough! Oh! just look at that fat, rich printed number. That's the kind of "Sugar Papa likes" Oh! 200 Pesos. Welcome sweet little smackaroos. Here son, Here's a present for you with my blessing.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Curtin: Wouldn't it be better, the way things are, to separate tomorrow, or even tonight? Dobbs: That would suit you fine, wouldn't it? Curtin: Why me more than you? Dobbs: So you could fall on me from behind, sneak up and shoot me in the back. Curtin: All right, I'll go first. Dobbs: And wait for me on the trail to ambush me?

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ [first lines] Dobbs: Say buddy, will you stake a fellow Am...

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: What a town. Tampico. Curtin: You said it, brother. If I could just get me a job that would bring in enough to buy passage, I'd shake its dust off my feet soon enough, you bet.

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: You know, if I was a native, I'd get me a can of shoe polish and I'd be in business. They'd never let a gringo. You can sit on a bench 'til you're three-quarters starved... you can beg from another gringo... you can even commit burglary. You try shinin' shoes in the street, peddlin' lemonade out of a bucket, and your hash is settled. You'll never get another job from an American. Curtin: Yeah, and the natives would hound and pester you to death. Dobbs: Some town to be broke in. Curtin: What town isn't?

§The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ¤ Dobbs: Any more lip out of you and I'll haul off and let you have it. If you know what's good for you, you won't monkey around with Fred C. Dobbs.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: I'll get paid for killing, and this town is full of people who deserve to die.

§Yojimbo ¤ Orin: Kill one or a hundred. You only hang once.

§Yojimbo ¤ [Sanjuro's talking with three men] Sanjuro: You're all tough, then? Gambler: What? Kill me if you can! Sanjuro: It'll hurt.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: A truce is merely the seed for an even bigger battle, nothing is worse!

§Yojimbo ¤ [Sanjuro has just killed two men and cut the arm off a third] Sanjuro: Cooper. Two coffins... No, maybe three.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: Go hang yourself.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: I know I'm quite a sight, but could you do your staring later?

§Yojimbo ¤ Unosuke, gunfighter: Say, samurai trash, are you there?... The entrance to hell - I'll be waiting there for you! [Unosoke dies] Sanjuro: He died as recklessly as he lived [Sanjuro walks away] Sanjuro: Now it'll be quiet in this town... So long!

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: [standing in a street that is littered with corpses] Now we'll have some peace and quiet in this town.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: I'm not dying yet. I have to kill quite a few men first.

§Yojimbo ¤ Hansuke: What happened? Why so glum? Your business should be booming. The Cooper: No. When the fighting gets this bad, they don't bother with coffins.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: You idiot, I'm not giving up yet. Theres a bunch of guys I have to kill first!

§Yojimbo ¤ [opening of English-language prints] Title Card: The time is 1860... the emergence of a middle class has brought an end to power of the Tokugawa Dynasty... A samurai, once a dedicated warrior in the employ of Royalty, now finds himself with no master to serve other than his own will to survive... and no devices other than his wit and sword.

§Yojimbo ¤ [last lines] Sanjuro: Old man. See ya around.

§Yojimbo ¤ Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Bitch! Orin: Yeah, what!

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: [in Japanese] You want to hire me as a body guard? Watch. I'll show you my ability.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro Kuwabatake: You want something? Inokichi - Ushitora's Rotund Brother: You're tough. I like you. Sanjuro Kuwabatake: Aren't you angry I killed three of your men? Inokichi - Ushitora's Rotund Brother: They were worthless.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: [family he has just saved is crying with gratitude] Stop. Stop crying. It's pathetic. [they keep crying] Sanjuro: I hate pathetic people. I'll have to kill you.

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji, tavern keeper: [referring to Sanjuro] You don't look like one of the living!

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: [in Japanese] Look at this mess. I knew this would happen. I told you six men are not enough.

§Yojimbo ¤ Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Hey, Cooper. How's business? How many coffins have you sold? The Cooper: Two to your place... Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Eh? The Cooper: ...four to the other side. [Inokichi tries counting the numbers on his fingers] Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Not bad. [He chuckles and walks off with two henchmen]

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji - Tavern Keeper: You'll gain nothing by getting sucked into this evil. Eat quickly and leave. Sanjuro Kuwabatake: I've had enough rice. Give me some sake. I like it here. I'll stay awhile.

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji - Tavern Keeper: What'll you do now? Sanjuro Kuwabatake: Go next door and buy a coffin. Gonji - Tavern Keeper: How can you give up like that? Sanjuro Kuwabatake: You idiot! I'm not dying yet! There's a bunch of guys I have to kill first.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: [after the gamblers have challenged him] No help for fools. [draws sword and kills two of them]

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji, tavern keeper: Are you afraid of ghosts? Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: No they make me feel just great.

§Yojimbo ¤ [repeated line] Sanjuro: Old man, get me something to eat.

§Yojimbo ¤ Kannuki the giant: He's nothing without his sword

§Yojimbo ¤ [first lines] Farmer: Stop, you brat! Traveler: Let me go, Father! This battle is the chance of a lifetime! Farmer: Crazy fool! The chance to get killed! Why do you want to be a gambler? A farmer's place is in the fields. Traveler: A long life of eating gruel - - to hell with that! I want good food and nice clothes. I'm gonna live it up and die young!

§Yojimbo ¤ Farmer: Everybody's after easy money. It's all thanks to gambling. A roll of the dice and you're rich. Can't tell who's money is whose anymore.

§Yojimbo ¤ Kannuki the giant: [in Japanese] [to Sanjuro] Kannuki the giant: That's a shortcut to hell.

§Yojimbo ¤ Unosuke, gunfighter: [in Japanese] [to Sanjuro] Unosuke, gunfighter: Don't come too close.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: [standing by the window of Gonji's inn, looking into the opposite building where men from Ushitora and Seibei's sides are serving the inspector and his aides tea] A country inspector's not much, but that's a fine-looking palanquin, huh? [He turns to Gonji for a reaction. The tavern keeper doesn't turn around, and just stares gloomily at nothing. Sanjuro turns back to the spectacle. He bursts out laughing at what he sees] Gonji, tavern keeper: What's so funny? Sanjuro: His men are drinking tea. Gonji, tavern keeper: What of it? Sanjuro: Look here. [He laughs again at the scene] Sanjuro: They've added a little something.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro Kuwabatake: Sake. I think better while I drink.

§Yojimbo ¤ Unosuke, gunfighter: If I don't have my pistol, I feel sort of naked.

§Yojimbo ¤ Unosuke, gunfighter: [in Japanese] [to Hansuke] Unosuke, gunfighter: You want to see something interesting?

§Yojimbo ¤ Unosuke, gunfighter: [in Japanese] By the way, those six men were cut up pretty well. You're the only one around here good enough to have done something like that. Sanjuro: [in Japanese] And your point? Unosuke, gunfighter: [in Japanese] I'm thinking that you were the one who killed those six men.

§Yojimbo ¤ Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: [in Japanese] [to Unosuke] Inokichi, Ushitora's rotund brother: Hey, you don't know him, but he's one of the best.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro: I guess there is no cure for stupidity, except for death.

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji - Tavern Keeper: Only swords can settle things now. They're fuming, rounding up drifters and criminals for their gangs. Instead of buying silk, they're buying thugs.

§Yojimbo ¤ Farmer: Hungry dogs come running when they smell blood. Let 'em rip each other apart and dye the silk in their blood.

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji - Tavern Keeper: There he goes again! The casket maker. Only guy in town making any money. Can't make coffins fast enough. It's best not to have any gamblers at all. One boss to a town we can tolerate, but two is a disaster. Only the casket maker profits from that. Knock it off, you bastard!

§Yojimbo ¤ Hansuke: Samurai, wanna make some dough as a bodyguard? The going rate has hit the roof. My commission's one ryo. Which side will you take? Seibei Manome runs a brothel. All the women you want. But he's going downhill. I'd bet on Ushitora Shinden. The inn at the corner. That's his place. Tell him Constable Hansuke sent you. I'd take you myself, but I'm the law around here. Don't forget, now. I get one ryo.

§Yojimbo ¤ Farmer's Ex-wife: Kids these days are all mad.

§Yojimbo ¤ Seibê - Brothel Operator: I'll be keeping her! Ask the horny old sake brewer what he says to that!

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji - Tavern Keeper: Damn them all! The town is doomed.

§Yojimbo ¤ Seibê - Brothel Operator: You can't build a fortune unless you're known as a killer and a thief.

§Yojimbo ¤ Sanjuro Kuwabatake: Hey, casket maker, drowning your sorrows? The Inspector's long visit must have killed your business.

§Yojimbo ¤ Gonji - Tavern Keeper: Evil bastard came back, did he? He looks as gentle as the zodiac Rabbit he's named after, but he's a wolf inside.

§Yojimbo ¤ Ushitora: Ino! Uno! What are you doing? Get in here now!

§Yojimbo ¤ Orin: Honor means nothing to gamblers.

§The Thing ¤ Garry: [1:26:18] I know you gentlemen have been through a lot, but when you find the time, I'd rather not spend the rest of this winter TIED TO THIS FUCKING COUCH!

§The Thing ¤ [Thing roars and screams] MacReady: Yeah, fuck you too!

§The Thing ¤ [Norris' head grows legs and tries to walk away] Palmer: [1:17:22] You gotta be fuckin' kidding.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: Hey, Sweden! Dr. Copper: They're not Swedish, Mac. They're Norwegian.

§The Thing ¤ Clark: [30:15] I dunno what the hell's in there, but it's weird and pissed off, whatever it is.

§The Thing ¤ [last lines] Childs: Fire's got the temperature up all over the camp. Won't last long though. MacReady: Neither will we. Childs: How will we make it? MacReady: Maybe we shouldn't. Childs: If you're worried about me... MacReady: If we've got any surprises for each other, I don't think we're in much shape to do anything about it. Childs: Well, what do we do? MacReady: Why don't we just... wait here for a little while... see what happens?

§The Thing ¤ [first lines] Computer Voice: [after MacReady inputs a move on the keyboard] Your move: bishop to knight four. My move: knight to rook three. MacReady: Poor baby, you're startin' to lose it, aren't ya? [inputs a move] Computer Voice: Your move: king to rook one. My move: rook to knight six. Checkmate. Checkmate. [MacReady angrily pours his scotch into the computer tower, frying it] MacReady: Cheating bitch.

§The Thing ¤ Childs: You're gonna have to sleep sometime, MacReady. MacReady: I'm a real light sleeper, Childs.

§The Thing ¤ Nauls: Where are we goin'? MacReady: Up to my shack. Nauls: What the hell for? MacReady: 'Cause when I left yesterday, I turned the lights off! [Nauls looks and sees the lights on in MacReady's shack]

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: We're gonna draw a little bit of everybody's blood... 'cause we're gonna find out who's The Thing. Watchin' Norris in there gave me the idea that... maybe every part of him was a whole, every little piece was an individual animal with a built-in desire to protect its own life. Ya see, when a man bleeds, it's just tissue, but blood from one of you Things won't obey when it's attacked. It'll try and survive... crawl away from a hot needle, say.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: [talking into tape recorder] I'm gonna hide this tape when I'm finished. If none of us make it, at least there'll be some kind of record. The storm's been hitting us hard now for 48 hours. We still have nothing to go on. [MacReady briefly turns off tape recorder and takes a drink of whisky. He looks at the torn long johns and turns it back on] MacReady: One other thing: I think it rips through your clothes when it takes you over. Windows found some shredded long johns, but the nametag was missing. They could be anybody's. Nobody... nobody trusts anybody now, and we're all very tired. [turns off tape recorder then turns it back on after a short pause] MacReady: Nothing else I can do, just wait... R.J. MacReady, helicopter pilot, US outpost number 31. [turns off recorder]

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: I don't know. Thousands of years ago it crashes, and this thing... gets thrown out, or crawls out, and it ends up freezing in the ice. Childs: I just cannot believe any of this voodoo bullshit. Palmer: Childs, happens all the time, man. They're falling out of the skies like flies. Government knows all about it, right, Mac? Childs: You believe any of this voodoo bullshit, Blair? Palmer: Childs, Childs... Chariots of the Gods, man. They practically own South America. I mean, they taught the Incas everything they know. Garry: So, come on now, MacReady, Norwegians get ahold of this... and they dig it up out of the ice. MacReady: Yes, Garry, they dig it up, they cart it back, it gets thawed out, it wakes up... probably not the best of moods... I don't know, I wasn't there! Nauls: [skates in with ripped long johns] Which one of you disrespectful men been tossing his dirty drawers in the kitchen trash can, huh? From now, I want my kitchen clean, all right? Germ free! Childs: So how's this motherfucker wake up after thousands of years in the ice? George Bennings: And how can it look like a dog? MacReady: I don't know how. 'Cause it's different than us, see? 'Cause it's from outer space. What do you want from me? Ask him! [motions to Blair] Childs: You buy any of this Blair?

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: I know I'm human. And if you were all these things, then you'd just attack me right now, so some of you are still human. This thing doesn't want to show itself, it wants to hide inside an imitation. It'll fight if it has to, but it's vulnerable out in the open. If it takes us over, then it has no more enemies, nobody left to kill it. And then it's won.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: [about to test his blood] Now I'll show you what I already know.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: Somebody in this camp ain't what he appears to be. Right now that may be one or two of us. By spring, it could be all of us. Childs: So, how do we know who's human? If I was an imitation, a perfect imitation, how would you know if it was really me?

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: First goddamn week of winter.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: How you doin', old boy? Dr. Blair: I don't know who to trust. MacReady: [swallows, sighs] I know what you mean, Blair. Trust's a tough thing to come by these days. Tell you what - why don't you just trust in the Lord?

§The Thing ¤ Garry: [as to MacReady's blood test...] This is pure nonsense. Doesn't prove a thing. MacReady: I thought you'd feel that way, Garry. You were the only one who could've got to that blood. We'll do you last.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: Blair... he got back inside and blew the generator. In six hours, it'll be 100 below in here! Garry: Well, that's suicide! MacReady: Not for that Thing. It wants to freeze now. It knows it's got no way out of here. It just wants to go to sleep in the cold until the rescue team finds it. Garry: What can we do? What can we do? MacReady: Whether we make it or not, we can't let that Thing freeze again. Maybe we'll just warm things up a little around here. We're not gettin' outta here alive. But neither is that Thing.

§The Thing ¤ Garry: The generator's gone. MacReady: Any way we can we fix it? Garry: It's "gone", MacReady.

§The Thing ¤ [showing the remains of the dog-thing to the entire camp] Dr. Blair: You see, what we're talkin' about here is an organism that imitates other life-forms, and it imitates 'em perfectly. When this thing attacked our dogs it tried to digest them... absorb them, and in the process shape its own cells to imitate them. This for instance. That's not dog. It's imitation. We got to it before it had time to finish. Vance Norris: Finish what? Dr. Blair: Finish imitating these dogs.

§The Thing ¤ Childs: He ain't tyin' ME up. MacReady: Then I'll have to kill you, Childs. Childs: Then kill me.

§The Thing ¤ Dr. Blair: [throwing a fit in the radio room] You guys think I'M crazy! Well, that's fine! Most of ya don't know what's goin' on around here, but I'm damn well sure SOME of you do! MacReady: Christ! Childs: He got most of the chopper and the tractor, and he's killed the rest of the dogs. MacReady: [as Garry advances with his gun] Garry, wait a minute, wait a minute. Now, Childs, go around to the map room door. Talk to him. Childs: Yeah. [Childs exits] MacReady: Norris, get a table from the lab. Dr. Blair: [still smashing up the radio room with an axe while yelling] D'ya think that thing wanted to be an animal? No dogs make it a thousand miles through the cold! No, you don't understand! That thing wanted to be US! If a cell gets out, it could imitate everything on the FACE OF THE EARTH! AAAAND NOTHING can stop it! Childs: [appearing in the map room doorway] Okay, Blair. Come on, man, you don't wanna hurt anybody. [Blair whips a pistol out and shoots at Childs but misses] Dr. Blair: I'LL KILL YOU! [fires more shots]

§The Thing ¤ Fuchs: There's something wrong with Blair. He's locked himself in his room and he won't answer the door, so I took one of his notebooks from the lab. MacReady: Yeah? Fuchs: Listen: "It could have imitated a million life-forms on a million planets. It could change into any one of them at any time. Now, it wants life-forms on Earth." MacReady: It's gettin' cold in here, Fuchs, and I haven't slept for two days. Fuchs: Wait a minute, Mac, wait a minute. [reads from the book] Fuchs: "It needs to be alone and in close proximity with the life-form to be absorbed. The chameleon strikes in the dark." MacReady: So is Blair cracking up or what? Fuchs: Damn it, MacReady! [reading from the notebook] Fuchs: "There is still cellular activity in these burned remains. They're not dead yet!"

§The Thing ¤ Dr. Blair: Clark? Clark: Yeah? Dr. Blair: Did you notice anything strange about the dog? Anything at all? Clark: Strange? No. Dr. Blair: What was the dog doing in the rec room? Clark: I don't know. It's just wondering around camp all day. Dr. Blair: Are you sayin' to me the dog wasn't put in the kennel until last night? Clark: Right. Dr. Blair: How long were you alone with that dog? Clark: I don't know. An hour... hour-and-a-half maybe. What the hell you looking at me like that for? Dr. Blair: [pause; now nervous] I don't know. Clark: What? Dr. Blair: I don't know. It's probably nothing. It's nothing at all.

§The Thing ¤ Norwegian Passenger with Rifle: [in untranslated Norwegian] Get the hell away! That's not a dog, it's some sort of thing! It's imitating a dog, it isn't real! GET AWAY, YOU IDIOTS!

§The Thing ¤ Palmer: I was wonderin' when El Capitan was gonna get a chance to use his popgun.

§The Thing ¤ Nauls: Maybe we at war with Norway?

§The Thing ¤ Palmer: [forced at gunpoint to tie up the corpses of Clark and Dr. Copper] This is bullshit, Mac! MacReady: Finish it, Palmer. Palmer: They're dead, Mac!

§The Thing ¤ Garry: My God, what was happening to him? MacReady: If it had more time to finish, it would have looked and sounded and acted just like Bennings! Garry: I don't know what you're saying. MacReady: That was one of those things out there trying to imitate him, Garry. C'mon. Garry: MacReady, I know Bennings. I've known him for ten years. He's my friend. MacReady: We gotta burn the rest of 'em.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: Blair's been busy out here all by himself.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: [facing a silent group] Anybody seen Fuchs? Somebody blew out a fuse in the lab. Lights where out in there for an hour; any ONE of us coulda gotten to him. All right, we gotta find him. Nauls, why don't you come with me and we'll look outside. Palmer, you and Windows check the inside. Palmer: I ain't going with Windows. I ain't goin' with 'im. I'll go with Childs. Windows: Hey, fuck you, Palmer! Palmer: I ain't goin' with you! Childs: Who says I want you goin' with ME? MacReady: [emphatically] ALL RIGHT, CUT THE BULLSHIT! [pause] MacReady: Windows, you come with us. Norris, you stay here. MacReady: [referring to Garry, Clack & Doc tied to the sofa] Any of them move, you fry 'em. You hear anything - anything at all - you cut loose on the sirens. We all meet back here in twenty minutes - REGARDLESS! And everybody watch whoever you're with... real close.

§The Thing ¤ [first lines] MacReady: Poor baby, you're starting to lose it.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: Childs, we're goin' out to give Blair the test. If he tries to make it back here and we're not with him... burn him.

§The Thing ¤ Garry: You reach anybody, yet? Windows: Reach anybody? We're a thousand miles from nowhere, man, and it's gonna get a hell of a lot worse before it gets any better!

§The Thing ¤ George Bennings: [Bennings rushes into Childs room] Childs, Mac wants the flamethrower! Childs: Mac wants the what? George Bennings: That's what he said. Now move! Childs: [Childs tucks in his shirts and grumbles] Damn it!

§The Thing ¤ [Holding the others at bay with a flamethrower, MacReady tosses a coil of rope amongst them] Clark: What have you got in mind, MacReady? MacReady: A little test. Windows, you and Palmer tie everybody down real tight. Childs: What for? MacReady: For your health!

§The Thing ¤ Palmer: [arguing about letting MacReady back inside] Let's open the door. Childs: Hell no! Windows: Do you think he's changed into one of those Things? Palmer: He's had plenty of time. Childs: Nothing human could have made with back here through this weather without a guide line. Palmer: Let's open the door now! Childs: Why are you so anxious to let him back in here, Palmer? Palmer: Because it's so close! Maybe it may be our best chance to blow it away! Childs: No! Let's just let him freeze to death out there! Windows: Childs, what if we're wrong about him? Childs: Well then, we're wrong!

§The Thing ¤ Windows: You guys gonna listen to Garry? You gonna let him give the orders? I mean, he could BE one of those THINGS!

§The Thing ¤ Childs: You the only one who made it? MacReady: Not the only one. Childs: You kill it? MacReady: Where were you, Childs? Childs: Thought I saw Blair. Went out after him. Got lost in the storm. MacReady: [laughs ruefully] Childs: Fire's got the temperature up all over the camp. Won't last long though. MacReady: Neither will we. Childs: How will we make it? MacReady: Maybe we shouldn't. Childs: If you're worried about me... . MacReady: If we got any surprises for each other, I don't think we're in much shape to do anything about it. Childs: Well. What do we do? MacReady: Why don't we just... wait here for a little while. See what happens.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: [1:02:00] There's a storm hitting us in about 6 hours. We're going to find out who's who.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: [Holding TNT in one hand, and a lit flare in the other] Anybody touches me, and we go.

§The Thing ¤ George Bennings: [Watching a video of the Norwegians] How much more of this crap is there? Dr. Copper: Well, nine hours, I'd say. George Bennings: We can't learn anything from this. Dr. Copper: Guess not.

§The Thing ¤ Garry: I don't know about Copper... but I give you my word I did not go near that blood! [Garry lowers his gun and places it on a crate] Garry: But I guess you'd all feel a little easier if somebody else was in charge. Norris, I can't see somebody objecting to you. Vance Norris: [after a pause; nervous tone] I'm sorry fellas, but I-I-I'm not up to it. Childs: [goes for the gun] I'll take it. Clark: [pulls out his knife] Like hell you will! MacReady: [takes the gun] It should be somebody a little more even-tempered, Childs.

§The Thing ¤ Fuchs: [whispering] I have to talk to you. MacReady: I'm tired of talkin', Fuchs. I just wanna get up to my shack and get drunk. Fuchs: Mac, it's important. MacReady: What is it? Fuchs: Outside. MacReady: It's 40 below zero outside.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: [holding dynamite] Anyone messes with me... and the whole camp goes! Palmer: Don't argue with him!

§The Thing ¤ Dr. Copper: [viewing the ruined Norwegian camp] My God, what the hell happened here? MacReady: C'mon, Doc.

§The Thing ¤ MacReady: [1:30:34] In 6 hours it will be 100° below in here.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Hattori Hanzo: Revenge is never a straight line. It's a forest, And like a forest it's easy to lose your way... To get lost... To forget where you came in.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Budd: That woman deserves her revenge and we deserve to die.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren Ishii: [sword lifted] Silly Caucasian girl likes to play with Samurai swords. [as The Bride gasps] O-Ren Ishii: You may not be able to fight like a Samurai, but you can at least die like a Samurai. The Bride: [stands up] Attack me... with everything you have.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ [last lines] Bill: One more thing, Sofie... is she aware her daughter is still alive?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ [first title card] Title Card: "Revenge is a dish best served cold" - Old Klingon proverb.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Copperhead: So I suppose it's a little late for an apology, huh? The Bride: You suppose correctly. Copperhead: Look, bitch... I need to know if you're going to start any more shit around my baby girl. The Bride: You can relax for now. I'm not going to murder you in front of your child, okay? Copperhead: That's being more rational than Bill led me to believe you were capable of. The Bride: It's mercy, compassion, and forgiveness I lack. Not rationality. Copperhead: Look. I know I fucked you over. I fucked you over bad. I wish to God I hadn't, but I did. You have every right to want to get even. The Bride: No, no, no, no, no. No, to get even, even-Steven... I would have to kill you... go up to Nikki's room, kill her... then wait for your husband, the good Dr. Bell, to come home and kill him. That would be even, Vernita. That'd be about square.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: It was not my intention to do this in front of you. For that I'm sorry. But you can take my word for it, your mother had it comin'. When you grow up, if you still feel raw about it, I'll be waiting.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ [first lines] Bill: Do you find me sadistic? You know, I bet I could fry an egg on your head right now, if I wanted to. You know, Kiddo, I'd like to believe that you're aware enough even now to know that there's nothing sadistic in my actions. Well, maybe towards those other... jokers, but not you. No Kiddo, at this moment, this is me at my most... [cocks pistol] Bill: masochistic. The Bride: Bill... it's your baby... [BLAM!]

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Hattori Hanzo: [in Japanese; subtitled] I am finished doing what I swore an oath to God 28 years ago to never do again. I've created, "something that kills people." And in that purpose, I was a success. I've done this because, philosophically, I am sympathetic to your aim. I can tell you with no ego, this is my finest sword. If on your journey, you should encounter God, God will be cut.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Bill: If you had to guess where she was headed next, what would be your best guess? Sofie Fatale: Guessing won't be necessary. She informed me. She said that I could keep my wicked life for two reasons... [flashback] The Bride: As I said before, I've allowed you to keep your wicked life for two reasons. And the second reason is so you can tell him in person everything that happened here tonight. I want him to witness the extent of my mercy by witnessing your deformed body. I want you to tell him all the information you just told me. I want him to know what I know. I want him to know I want him to know. And I want them all to know they'll all soon be as dead as O-Ren.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren Ishii: [after she cuts off Tanaka's head, in Japanese] So you all will know the seriousness of my warning, I shall say this in English. O-Ren Ishii: [in English] As your leader, I encourage you from time to time, and always in a respectful manner, to question my logic. If you're unconvinced that a particular plan of action I've decided is the wisest, tell me so, but allow me to convince you and I promise you right here and now, no subject will ever be taboo. Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion. The price you pay for bringing up either my Chinese or American heritage as a negative is... I collect your fucking head. Just like this fucker here. Now, if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time! [pause] O-Ren Ishii: I didn't think so. O-Ren Ishii: [calmly, in Japanese] Gentlemen, this meeting is adjourned.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Hattori Hanzo: What brings you to Okinawa? The Bride: I'm here to see a man. Hattori Hanzo: Oh yeah? You have a friend living in Okinawa? The Bride: Not quite. Hattori Hanzo: Not a friend? The Bride: I've never met him. Hattori Hanzo: Never? Who is he, may I ask? The Bride: Hattori Hanzo. Hattori Hanzo: [Serious, switches to Japanese] What do you want with Hattori Hanzo? The Bride: [Japanese] I need Japanese steel. Hattori Hanzo: [Japanese] Why do you need Japanese steel? The Bride: [Japanese] I have vermin to kill. Hattori Hanzo: [English] You must have big rats if you need Hattori Hanzo's steel. The Bride: [English] ... Huge.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren Ishii: [her last lines] That really was a Hattori Hanzo sword.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ [the Bride drags Buck's head to the doorjam] The Bride: [screams] Where's Bill? [slam] The Bride: Where's Bill? [slam] Buck: [weakly] Please stop hitting me... The Bride: WHERE'S BILL? [slam] Buck: I-I don't know who Bill is! The Bride: BULLSHIT! [another slam; then she notices the words "BUCK" and "FUCK" tattooed on his knuckles, and suddenly has a flashback from her coma] Buck: Well, ain't you the little slice of cutie pie they said you were. "Jane Doe," huh? Well, we don't know shit about you, huh? Well, I'm from Huntsville, Texas. My name is Buck, and I'm here to fuck, ha-ha-ha... [back to the present] The Bride: [gently] Your name is Buck, right? [Buck's eyes widen] The Bride: [getting angrier] And you came here to fuck, *right*? Buck: Wait a minute... WAIT A MINUTE-! [and with a scream of effort and one mighty slam, Buck is dispatched to the hereafter; she goes through his pockets and finds a large pair of sunglasses, puts them on, then finds a set of car keys with a keychain that says:] The Bride: "Pussy Wagon." You *fucker*... [one last slam]

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren Ishii: You didn't think it was gonna be that easy, did you? The Bride: You know, for a second there, yeah, I kinda did. O-Ren Ishii: Silly rabbit. The Bride: Trix are... O-Ren Ishii: ...for kids.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: [spanking a young member of the Crazy 88s with her sword] This is what you get for fucking around with Yakuzas! [with a last spank, lets him go] The Bride: Go home to your mother!

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren Ishii: [in Japanese; subtitled] For ridiculing you earlier, I apologize. The Bride: [in Japanese; subtitled] Accepted.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Hattori Hanzo: [in Japanese; voice-over] For those regarded as warriors, when engaged in combat the vanquishing of thine enemy can be the warrior's only concern. Suppress all human emotion and compassion. Kill whoever stands in thy way, even if that be Lord God, or Buddha himself. This truth lies at the heart of the art of combat.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: [voiceover narration] As I lay in the back of Buck's truck, trying to will my limbs out of entropy, I could see the faces of the cunts that did this to me and the dicks responsible. Members all of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad. When fortune smiles on something as violent and ugly as revenge, it seems proof like no other, that not only does God exist, you're doing His will.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: Wiggle your big toe. Wiggle your big toe. Wiggle your big toe. Wiggle your big toe. Wiggle your big toe.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Elle Driver: Hello, Bill. Bill: What's her condition? Elle Driver: Comatose. Bill: Where is she? Elle Driver: I'm standing over her right now. Bill: That's my girl. Elle, you're gonna have to abort the mission. Elle Driver: WHAT? Bill: We owe her better than that. Elle Driver: NO YOU DON'T! YOU DON'T OWE HER SHIT! Bill: Will you keep your voice down? Elle Driver: [whispering] You don't owe her shit! Bill: May I say one thing? Elle Driver: Speak. Bill: Y'all beat the hell out of that woman, but you didn't kill her. And I put a bullet in her head, but her heart just kept on beatin'. Now, you saw that yourself with your own beautiful blue eye, did you not? We've done a lot of things to this lady. And if she ever wakes up, we'll do a whole lot more. But one thing we won't do is sneak into her room in the night like a filthy rat and kill her in her sleep. And the reason we won't do that thing is because... that thing would lower us. Don't you agree, Miss Driver? Elle Driver: I guess. Bill: Do you really have to guess? Elle Driver: [sighs] No. I don't really have to guess. I know. Bill: Come on home, honey. Elle Driver: Affirmative. Bill: I love you very much. Elle Driver: I love you, too. Bye-bye.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Elle Driver: I might never have liked you. Point of fact, I despise you. But that doesn't suggest I don't respect you. Dying in our sleep is a luxury our kind is rarely afforded. My gift to you.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: [English] I've kept you alive for two reasons. And the first reason is information. Sofie Fatale: [French] Burn in hell, blonde bitch! I'll tell you nothing! The Bride: [English] But I am gonna ask you questions. And every time you don't give me answers, I'm gonna cut something off. And I promise you, they will be things you will miss. Give me your other arm! [Sophie screams]

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Sushi Bar Assistant: [Japanese] What'd ya want? The Bride: [English] I beg your pardon? Hattori Hanzo: [English] Oh..."drink" [makes drinking motion with hand] The Bride: [English] Oh, yes, a bottle of warm sake please. Hattori Hanzo: [English] Warm sake? VERY GOOD. Hattori Hanzo: [Japanese] One warm sake. Sushi Bar Assistant: [Japanese] Sake? In the middle of the day? Hattori Hanzo: [Japanese] Day, night, afternoon, who gives a damn? Get the sake! Sushi Bar Assistant: [Japanese] How come I always have to get the sake? You listen well... for thirty years, you make the fish, I get the sake. If this were the military, I'd be General by now! Hattori Hanzo: [Japanese] Oh, so you'd be General, huh? If you were General, I'd be Emperor, and you'd STILL get the sake! So shut up and get the sake! Hattori Hanzo: [English] Do you understand?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Earl McGraw: Well, this is definitely the work of professionals. I'd guess-timate Mexican Mafia hit squad. Four, maybe five strong. Edgar McGraw: How can you tell? Earl McGraw: Well, a sure and steady hand did this. This ain't no squirrelly amateur. This is the work of a salty dog. You can tell by the cleanliness of the carnage. Now a kill-crazy rampage though it may be, all the colors are kept within the lines. If you was a moron, you could almost admire it.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Copperhead: Look, if I could go back in a machine, I would. But I can't. All can tell you is that I'm a different person now. The Bride: Oh great. I don't care. Copperhead: Be that as it may, I know I don't deserve your mercy or your forgiveness. However, I beseech you for both on behalf of my daughter. The Bride: Bitch, you can stop right there. Just because I have no wish to murder you in front of your daughter doesn't mean that parading her around in front of me will inspire sympathy. You and I have unfinished business. And not a goddamned thing you've done in the subsequent four years including getting knocked up is going to change that. Copperhead: So when do we do this? The Bride: It all depends. When do you want to die? Tomorrow? The day after tomorrow? Copperhead: How about tonight, bitch? The Bride: Splendid. Where? Copperhead: There's a baseball diamond where I coach Little League about a mile from here. We meet there around two-thirty in the morning dressed all in black. Your hair in a black stocking. And we have us a knife fight. We won't be bothered. Now... I have to fix Nikki's cereal.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Earl McGraw: Son number one? Edgar McGraw: Yeah? Earl McGraw: This tall drink of cocksucker ain't dead.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Earl McGraw: Well, give me the gory details, Son Number One. Edgar McGraw: It's a goddamn massacre, Pop. They wiped out the whole wedding party, execution-style. Earl McGraw: Give me a figure. Edgar McGraw: Nine dead bodies. And we're talking the whole she-bang: bride, groom, reverend, reverend's wife... hell, they even shot that old colored fella that plays the organ. Earl McGraw: It would appear someone objected to this union and wasn't able to hold their peace.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: How did you find me? Bill: [off screen] I'm the man.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Boss Benta: [in Japanese; subtitled] Boss Tanaka! What is the meaning of this outburst? This is a time for celebration. Boss Tanaka: [in Japanese; subtitled] And what exactly are we celebrating? The perversion of our illustrious council? Boss Honda: [in Japanese; subtitled] Tanaka, have you gone mad? I will not tolerate this! You're disrespecting our sister! Apologize! O-Ren Ishii: [in Japanese; subtitled] Tanaka-san, of what perversion do you speak? Boss Tanaka: My father... [to Benta] Boss Tanaka: along with yours... [to Ozawah] Boss Tanaka: and along with yours, started this council. And while you laugh like stupid donkeys, they weep in the afterlife over the perversion committed today. Boss Ozawah: Outrageous! Tanaka, it is you who insults this council! [Throws rag at him] Boss Ozawah: Bastard! Boss Tanaka: [Throws rag back] Fuck face! O-Ren Ishii: Gentlemen! Tanaka obviously has something on his mind. By all means, allow him to express it. Boss Tanaka: I speak of the perversion done to this council... which I love... more than my own children, by making a Chinese Jap-American half-breed bitch its leader! [O-Ren quickly runs across the table and cuts off his head]

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: [in Japanese] O-Ren Ishii! You and I have unfinished business!

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: Then give me one of these. Hattori Hanzo: They're not for sale. The Bride: I didn't say "sell me", I said "give me". Hattori Hanzo: [laughs] Why should I help you? The Bride: Because my vermin is a former student of yours. And considering the student, I'd say you have a rather *large* obligation. [long pause, then Hanzo walks to the window and writes Bill's name] Hattori Hanzo: [in Japanese] You can sleep here. It will take me a month to make the sword. I suggest you spend it practicing.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Japanese Businessman: [in Japanese; subtitled] Do you like Ferraris? Go Go Yubari: [in Japanese] Ferraris... Italian trash. [Japanese businessman giggles] Go Go Yubari: Do you want to screw me? [Japanese businessman giggles again] Go Go Yubari: Don't laugh. Do you want to screw me, yes or no? Japanese Businessman: Yes. [She stabs him in the stomach with a Samurai short sword] Go Go Yubari: How about now, big boy? Do you still wish to penetrate me?... Or is it I who has penetrated you?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Hattori Hanzo: Funny, you like samurai swords... I like baseball.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: [in Japanese] Those of you lucky enough to have your lives, take them with you. However, leave the limbs you've lost. They belong to me now. [in English] The Bride: Except you, Sofie! You stay right where you are!

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren Ishii: You might not be able to fight like a samurai, but you can at least die like a samurai.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren Ishii: Your instrument is quite impressive. Where was it made? The Bride: Okinawa. O-Ren Ishii: [in Japanese] Whom in Okinawa made you this steel? The Bride: [in Japanese] Hattori Hanzo. O-Ren Ishii: [in Japanese] YOU LIE! [the Bride shows Hattori Hanzo marking on sword] O-Ren Ishii: [in Japanese] Swords, however, never get tired. I hope you saved your energy. If you haven't... You may not last five minutes. But as last looks go, you could do worse.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Earl McGraw: Good gravy, Marie. Edgar McGraw: What'd I tell you, Pop? It's like a goddamn Nicaraguan death squad. Earl McGraw: You'd better shit-can that blasphemy, boy. You're in a house of worship.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: Go-Go, I know you feel you must protect your mistress. But I beg you, walk away. [Go-Go giggles girlishly] Go Go Yubari: [in Japanese; subtitled] You call that begging? [serious tone] Go Go Yubari: You can beg better than that!

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Vernita Green: [somewhat to herself, as she gets her daughter's cereal] Black Mamba. I shoulda been motherfuckin' Black Mamba.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Copperhead: So when do we do this? The Bride: It all depends. When do you want to die? Tomorrow? The day after tomorrow? Copperhead: How about tonight, bitch? The Bride: Splendid. Where?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Proprietor: [in Japanese; subtitled] You have to say, "Yes, yes, yes" to any selfish demands they make. Charlie Brown: [in Japanese] They demand ridiculous things. Proprietor: Shut up! Do you know what would happen if they heard you? Charlie Brown: What's gonna happen? Proprietor: Did you hear about the Tanaka clan? You're gonna get your head cut off. Charlie Brown: No, I don't want that.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Sushi Bar Assistant: [in Japanese] I'm not bald, okay? I shaved my head. Sushi Bar Assistant: [in English] Understand?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Earl McGraw: Who's the bride? Edgar McGraw: Don't know. The name on the marriage certificate is "Arlene Machiavelli." That's a fake. We've all just been calling her "The Bride" on account of the dress. Earl McGraw: You can tell she was pregnant. Man'd have to be a mad dog to shoot a goddamn good-looking gal like that in the head. Look at her. Hay-colored hair, big eyes. She's a little blood-spattered angel.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ Bill: Sofie, Sofie, my Sofie. I'm so sorry. Sofie Fatale: Please... please forgive my betrayal. Bill: No more of that. Sofie Fatale: But still... Bill: But still nothing. Nothing, except my aching heart, at what she's done to my beautiful and brilliant Sofie.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: [after quickly dispatching six Crazy 88's] So, O-Ren? Any more subordinates for me to kill?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ The Bride: [in Japanese] Go-Go, right? Go Go Yubari: [in Japanese] Bingo. And you're Black Mamba. The Bride: Our reputations precede us. Go Go Yubari: Don't they?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ [after Bill tells her not to kill The Bride] Elle Driver: Thought that was pretty fuckin' funny, didn't you? Word of advice, shithead - don't you ever wake up.

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ O-Ren (voice): [in Japanese; subtitled] Look at me, Matsumoto. Take a good look at my face. Look at my eyes. Do I look familiar? Do I look like somebody... you murdered?

§Kill Bill: Vol ¤ [looking at the Bride in her coma] Buck: Price is $75 a fuck, my friend. You getting your freak on, or what? Trucker: Oh yeah, boy. [gives Buck the money] Buck: Now here are the rules. Rule Number One: no punching her. The nurse comes in tomorrow and she got a shiner or less some teeth, jig's up. So, no knuckle sandwiches under no circumstances. And by the way, this little cunt's a spitter. It's a motor-reflex thing. But spit or not, no punching. Now, are we absolutely, positively clear on Rule Number One? Trucker: Yeah. Buck: Good. Now, Rule Number Two: no monkey bites, and no hickeys. In fact, no leaving no marks of any kind on her. After that, it's all good, buddy. Now, her plumbing down there don't work no more, so feel free to come in her all you want. Keep the noise down, try not to make a mess. I'll be back in twenty. [Buck starts to leave, but snaps his fingers and turns back] Buck: Oh, shit! By the way, not every time but sometimes this chick's cooch will get drier than a bucket of sand. If she's dry, just lube up with this, [tosses him a jar labeled "VasaLube"] Buck: and you'll be good to go. Bon Appetite, good buddy.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see. Sir Lancelot: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I am not afraid. Bridgekeeper: What... is your name? Sir Lancelot: My name is Sir Lancelot of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Sir Lancelot: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour? Sir Lancelot: Blue. Bridgekeeper: Go on. Off you go. Sir Lancelot: Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. Sir Robin: That's easy. Bridgekeeper: Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see. Sir Robin: Ask me the questions, bridgekeeper. I'm not afraid. Bridgekeeper: What... is your name? Sir Robin: Sir Robin of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Sir Robin: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is the capital of Assyria? [pause] Sir Robin: I don't know that. [he is thrown over the edge into the volcano] Sir Robin: Auuuuuuuugh. Bridgekeeper: Stop. What... is your name? Galahad: Sir Galahad of Camelot. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? Galahad: I seek the Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is your favourite colour? Galahad: Blue. No, yel... [he is also thrown over the edge] Galahad: auuuuuuuugh. Bridgekeeper: Hee hee heh. Stop. What... is your name? King Arthur: It is 'Arthur', King of the Britons. Bridgekeeper: What... is your quest? King Arthur: To seek the Holy Grail. Bridgekeeper: What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow? King Arthur: What do you mean? An African or European swallow? Bridgekeeper: Huh? I... I don't know that. [he is thrown over] Bridgekeeper: Auuuuuuuugh. Sir Bedevere: How do know so much about swallows? King Arthur: Well, you have to know these things when you're a king, you know.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: I am your king. Woman: Well, I didn't vote for you. King Arthur: You don't vote for kings. Woman: Well how'd you become king then? [Angelic music plays...] King Arthur: The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. THAT is why I am your king. Dennis: [interrupting] Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Sir Bedevere: What makes you think she's a witch? Peasant 3: Well, she turned me into a newt! Sir Bedevere: A newt? Peasant 3: [meekly after a long pause] ... I got better. Crowd: [shouts] Burn her anyway!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ [after slicing one of the Black Knight's arms off] King Arthur: Now stand aside, worthy adversary! Black Knight: 'Tis but a scratch! King Arthur: A scratch? Your arm's off! Black Knight: No, it isn't. King Arthur: What's that, then? Black Knight: [after a pause] I've had worse. King Arthur: You liar! Black Knight: Come on, you pansy!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Sir Lancelot: [Sir Galahad the Chaste is being seduced by an entire castle full of young women] We were in the nick of time. You were in great peril. Sir Galahad: I don't think I was. Sir Lancelot: Yes, you were. You were in terrible peril. Sir Galahad: Look, let me go back in there and face the peril. Sir Lancelot: No, it's too perilous. Sir Galahad: Look, it's my duty as a knight to sample as much peril as I can. Sir Lancelot: No, we've got to find the Holy Grail. Come on. Sir Galahad: Oh, let me have just a little bit of peril? Sir Lancelot: No. It's unhealthy. Sir Galahad: I bet you're gay. Sir Lancelot: Am not.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ French Soldier: I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough wiper! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ [Holding the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch] King Arthur: How does it... um... how does it work? Sir Lancelot: I know not, my liege. King Arthur: Consult the Book of Armaments. Brother Maynard: Armaments, chapter two, verses nine through twenty-one. Cleric: [reading] And Saint Attila raised the hand grenade up on high, saying, "O Lord, bless this thy hand grenade, that with it thou mayst blow thine enemies to tiny bits, in thy mercy." And the Lord did grin. And the people did feast upon the lambs, and sloths, and carp, and anchovies, and orangutans, and breakfast cereals, and fruit bats, and large chu... Brother Maynard: Skip a bit, Brother... Cleric: And the Lord spake, saying, "First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin. Then shalt thou count to three, no more, no less. Three shall be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be three. Four shalt thou not count, neither count thou two, excepting that thou then proceed to three. Five is right out. Once the number three, being the third number, be reached, then lobbest thou thy Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch towards thy foe, who, being naughty in My sight, shall snuff it. Brother Maynard: Amen. All: Amen. King Arthur: Right. One... two... five! Galahad: Three, sir. King Arthur: Three!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Sir Bedevere: There are ways of telling whether she is a witch. Peasant 1: Are there? Oh well, tell us. Sir Bedevere: Tell me. What do you do with witches? Peasant 1: Burn them. Sir Bedevere: And what do you burn, apart from witches? Peasant 1: More witches. Peasant 2: Wood. Sir Bedevere: Good. Now, why do witches burn? Peasant 3: ...because they're made of... wood? Sir Bedevere: Good. So how do you tell whether she is made of wood? Peasant 1: Build a bridge out of her. Sir Bedevere: But can you not also build bridges out of stone? Peasant 1: Oh yeah. Sir Bedevere: Does wood sink in water? Peasant 1: No, no, it floats!... It floats! Throw her into the pond! Sir Bedevere: No, no. What else floats in water? Peasant 1: Bread. Peasant 2: Apples. Peasant 3: Very small rocks. Peasant 1: Cider. Peasant 2: Gravy. Peasant 3: Cherries. Peasant 1: Mud. Peasant 2: Churches. Peasant 3: Lead! Lead! King Arthur: A Duck. Sir Bedevere: ...Exactly. So, logically... Peasant 1: If she weighed the same as a duck... she's made of wood. Sir Bedevere: And therefore... Peasant 2: ...A witch!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King of Swamp Castle: Guards, make sure the prince doesn't leave this room until I come and get him. Guard #1: Not to leave the room... even if you come and get him. Guard #2: [hiccups] King of Swamp Castle: No, no. *Until* I come and get him. Guard #1: Until you come and get him, we're not to enter the room. King of Swamp Castle: No, no, no. You *stay* in the room, and make sure *he* doesn't leave. Guard #1: And you'll come and get him. Guard #2: [hiccups] King of Swamp Castle: Right. Guard #1: We don't need to do anything, apart from just stop him entering the room. King of Swamp Castle: No, no. *Leaving* the room. Guard #1: Leaving the room, yes. King of Swamp Castle: All right? Guard #2: [hiccups] Guard #1: Right. Oh, if, if, if, uh, if, if, uh, if, if, if, we... oh, if... oh... King of Swamp Castle: Look, it's quite simple. You just stay here, and make sure he doesn't leave the room. All right? Guard #2: [hiccups] Guard #1: Oh, I remember, uh, can he leave the room with us? King of Swamp Castle: No, no, no, no, you just keep him in here, and make sure... Guard #1: Oh yeah, we'll keep him in here, obviously, but if he had to leave, and we were with him... King of Swamp Castle: No, just keep him in here... Guard #1: Until you, or anyone else... King of Swamp Castle: No, not anyone else. Just me. Guard #1: Just you. Guard #2: [hiccups] King of Swamp Castle: Get back. Guard #1: Get back. King of Swamp Castle: All right? Guard #1: Right, we'll stay here until you get back. King of Swamp Castle: And make sure he doesn't leave. Guard #1: What? King of Swamp Castle: Make sure he doesn't leave. Guard #1: The prince? King of Swamp Castle: Yes, make sure he doesn't leave. Guard #1: Oh, yes, of course. [Points at Guard #2] Guard #1: I thought you meant him. You know, it seemed a bit daft me I were to guard him when he's a guard. King of Swamp Castle: Is that clear? Guard #2: [hiccups] Guard #1: Oh, quite clear. No problems. King of Swamp Castle: Right. [King of Swamp Castle turns to leave the room, both guards follow him] King of Swamp Castle: Where are you going? Guard #1: We're coming with you. King of Swamp Castle: No, no, no. I want you to stay here and make sure *he* doesn't leave. Guard #1: Oh, I see. Right.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Who goes there? King Arthur: It is I, Arthur, son of Uther Pendragon, from the castle of Camelot. King of the Britons, defeater of the Saxons, Sovereign of all England! 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Pull the other one! King Arthur: I am, and this is my trusty servant Patsy. We have ridden the length and breadth of the land in search of knights who will join me in my court at Camelot. I must speak with your lord and master. 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: What? Ridden on a horse? King Arthur: Yes! 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: You're using coconuts! King Arthur: What? 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: You've got two empty halves of coconut and you're bangin' 'em together. King Arthur: So? We have ridden since the snows of winter covered this land, through the kingdom of Mercia, through... 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Where'd you get the coconuts? King Arthur: We found them. 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Found them? In Mercia? The coconut's tropical! King Arthur: What do you mean? 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Well, this is a temperate zone King Arthur: The swallow may fly south with the sun or the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land? 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Are you suggesting coconuts migrate? King Arthur: Not at all. They could be carried. 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: What? A swallow carrying a coconut? King Arthur: It could grip it by the husk! 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: It's not a question of where he grips it! It's a simple question of weight ratios! A five ounce bird could not carry a one pound coconut. King Arthur: Well, it doesn't matter. Will you go and tell your master that Arthur from the Court of Camelot is here? 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Listen. In order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings forty-three times every second, right? King Arthur: Please! 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Am I right?

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: Can we come up and have a look? French Soldier: Of course not. You're English types. King Arthur: What are you then? French Soldier: I'm French. Why do you think I have this outrageous accent, you silly king? Sir Galahad: What are you doing in England? French Soldier: Mind your own business.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Minstrel: [singing] Brave Sir Robin ran away... Sir Robin: No! Minstrel: [singing] bravely ran away away... Sir Robin: I didn't! Minstrel: [singing] When danger reared its ugly head, he bravely turned his tail and fled. Sir Robin: I never did! Minstrel: [singing] Yes, brave Sir Robin turned about, and valiantly, he chickened out. Sir Robin: Oh, you liars! Minstrel: [singing] Bravely taking to his feet, he beat a very brave retreat. A brave retreat by brave Sir Robin.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: [after Arthur's cut off both of the Black Knight's arms] Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left! Black Knight: Yes I have. King Arthur: Look! Black Knight: It's just a flesh wound.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Large Man with Dead Body: Who's that then? The Dead Collector: I dunno, must be a king. Large Man with Dead Body: Why? The Dead Collector: He hasn't got shit all over him.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Minstrel: [singing] He was not in the least bit scared to be mashed into a pulp Or to have his eyes gouged out and his elbows broken To have his kneecaps split and his body burned away And his limbs all hacked and mangled, brave Sir Robin His head smashed in and his heart cut out And his liver removed and his bowels unplugged And his nostrils raped and his bottom burnt off And his penis... Sir Robin: That's enough music for now, lads.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Knight 1: We are now no longer the Knights who say Ni. Knight 2: NI. Other Knights: Shh... Knight 1: We are now the Knights who say..."Ekki-ekki-ekki-ekki-PTANG. Zoom-Boing, z'nourrwringmm."

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Tim: There he is! King Arthur: Where? Tim: There! King Arthur: What? Behind the rabbit? Tim: It *is* the rabbit! King Arthur: You silly sod! Tim: What? King Arthur: You got us all worked up! Tim: Well, that's no ordinary rabbit. King Arthur: Ohh. Tim: That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you ever set eyes on! Sir Robin: You tit! I soiled my armor I was so scared! Tim: Look, that rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer! Sir Galahad: Get stuffed! Tim: He'll do you up a treat, mate. Sir Galahad: Oh, yeah? Sir Robin: You manky Scots git! Tim: I'm warning you! Sir Robin: What's he do? Nibble your bum? Tim: He's got huge, sharp... er... He can leap about. Look at the bones! King Arthur: Go on, Bors. Chop his head off! Sir Bors: Right! Silly little bleeder. One rabbit stew comin' right up!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Sir Lancelot: Look, my liege! [trumpets play a fanfare as the camera cuts briefly to the sight of a majestic castle] King Arthur: [in awe] Camelot! Sir Galahad: [in awe] Camelot! Sir Lancelot: [in awe] Camelot! Patsy: [derisively] It's only a model! King Arthur: Shh!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Dennis: Come and see the violence inherent in the system. Help! Help! I'm being repressed! King Arthur: Bloody peasant! Dennis: Oh, what a giveaway! Did you hear that? Did you hear that, eh? That's what I'm on about! Did you see him repressing me? You saw him, didn't you?

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ [King Arthur has just cut the Black Knight's last leg off] Black Knight: All right, we'll call it a draw. King Arthur: [Preparing to leave] Come, Patsy. [King Arthur and Patsy ride off] Black Knight: [calling after King Arthur] Oh, oh, I see! Running away, eh? You yellow bastards! Come back here and take what's coming to you! I'll bite your legs off!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: On second thought, let's not go to Camelot. It is a silly place.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: Go and tell your master that we have been charged by God with a sacred quest. If he will give us food and shelter for the night, he can join us in our quest for the Holy Grail. French Soldier: Well, I'll ask him, but I don't think he will be very keen. Uh, he's already got one, you see. King Arthur: What? Sir Galahad: He said they've already got one! King Arthur: Are you sure he's got one? French Soldier: Oh yes, it's very nice!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: Who are you who can summon fire without flint or tinder? Tim: There are some who call me... Tim.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Dennis: Oh, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ The Dead Collector: Bring out yer dead. [a man puts a body on the cart] Large Man with Dead Body: Here's one. The Dead Collector: That'll be ninepence. The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm not dead. The Dead Collector: What? Large Man with Dead Body: Nothing. There's your ninepence. The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm not dead. The Dead Collector: 'Ere, he says he's not dead. Large Man with Dead Body: Yes he is. The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm not. The Dead Collector: He isn't. Large Man with Dead Body: Well, he will be soon, he's very ill. The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I'm getting better. Large Man with Dead Body: No you're not, you'll be stone dead in a moment. The Dead Collector: Well, I can't take him like that. It's against regulations. The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I don't want to go on the cart. Large Man with Dead Body: Oh, don't be such a baby. The Dead Collector: I can't take him. The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I feel fine. Large Man with Dead Body: Oh, do me a favor. The Dead Collector: I can't. Large Man with Dead Body: Well, can you hang around for a couple of minutes? He won't be long. The Dead Collector: I promised I'd be at the Robinsons'. They've lost nine today. Large Man with Dead Body: Well, when's your next round? The Dead Collector: Thursday. The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I think I'll go for a walk. Large Man with Dead Body: You're not fooling anyone, you know. Isn't there anything you could do? The Dead Body That Claims It Isn't: I feel happy. I feel happy. [the Dead Collector glances up and down the street furtively, then silences the Body with his a whack of his club] Large Man with Dead Body: Ah, thank you very much. The Dead Collector: Not at all. See you on Thursday. Large Man with Dead Body: Right.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: Old woman! Dennis: Man. King Arthur: Man, sorry. What knight lives in that castle over there? Dennis: I'm 37. King Arthur: What? Dennis: I'm 37. I'm not old. King Arthur: Well I can't just call you "man". Dennis: Well you could say "Dennis". King Arthur: I didn't know you were called Dennis. Dennis: Well you didn't bother to find out, did you? King Arthur: I did say sorry about the "old woman", but from behind you looked... Dennis: What I object to is you automatically treat me like an inferior. King Arthur: Well, I am king. Dennis: Oh, king eh? Very nice. And how'd you get that, eh? By exploiting the workers. By hanging on to outdated imperialist dogma which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ [the Black Knight continues to threaten Arthur despite getting both his arms and one of his legs cut off] Black Knight: Right, I'll do you for that! King Arthur: You'll what? Black Knight: Come here! King Arthur: What are you gonna do, bleed on me? Black Knight: I'm invincible! King Arthur: ...You're a loony.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Knights of Camelot: [singing] We're knights of the Round Table, we dance whene'er we're able. We do routines and chorus scenes with footwork impec-cable, We dine well here in Camelot, we eat ham and jam and Spam a lot. / We're knights of the Round Table, our shows are for-mi-dable. But many times we're given rhymes that are quite un-sing-able, We're opera mad in Camelot, we sing from the diaphragm a lot. / In war we're tough and able, Quite in-de-fa-ti-gable. Between our quests we sequin vests and impersonate Clark Gable / It's a busy life in Camelot [solo] Knights of Camelot: I have to push the pram a lot.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ The Witch: I'm not a witch, I'm not a witch! Sir Bedevere: But you are dressed as one! The Witch: *They* dressed me up like this! Crowd: We didn't! We didn't... The Witch: And this isn't my nose. It's a false one. Sir Bedevere: [lifts up her false nose] Well? Peasant 1: Well, we did do the nose. Sir Bedevere: The nose? Peasant 1: And the hat, but she is a witch! Crowd: Yeah! Burn her! Burn her! Sir Bedevere: Did you dress her up like this? Peasant 1: No! Peasant 3, Peasant 2: No! Peasant 3: No! Peasant 1: No! Peasant 3, Peasant 2: No! Peasant 1: Yes! Peasant 2: Yes! Peasant 1: Yeah, a bit. Peasant 3: A bit! Peasant 1, Peasant 2: A bit! Peasant 2: A bit! Peasant 1: But she has got a wart! Random Person in the crowd: [coughs]

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Woman: Oh. How do you do? King Arthur: How do you do, good lady? I am Arthur, King of the Britons. Whose castle is that? Woman: King of the who? King Arthur: King of the Britons. Woman: Who are the Britons? King Arthur: Well, we all are. We are all Britons. And I am your king. Woman: I didn't know we had a king. I thought we were an autonomous collective. Dennis: You're foolin' yourself! We're living in a dictatorship. A self-perpetuating autocracy in which the working class... Woman: Oh, there you go bringing class into it again. Dennis: Well, that's what it's all about! If only people would... King Arthur: Please, please, good people, I am in haste. Who lives in that castle? Woman: No one lives there. King Arthur: Then who is your lord? Woman: We don't have a lord. Dennis: I told you, we're an anarcho-syndicalist commune. We take it in turns to be a sort of executive officer for the week... King Arthur: Yes... Dennis: ...but all the decisions of that officer have to be ratified at a special bi-weekly meeting... King Arthur: Yes I see... Dennis: ...by a simple majority in the case of purely internal affairs... King Arthur: Be quiet! Dennis: ...but by a two thirds majority in the case of... King Arthur: Be quiet! I order you to be quiet! Woman: Order, eh? Who does he think he is?

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: You fight with the strength of many men, Sir Knight. [the Black Knight doesn't respond] King Arthur: I am Arthur, King of the Britons. [no response] King Arthur: I seek the bravest and the finest knights in the land who will join me in my court at Camelot. [no response] King Arthur: You have proved yourself worthy. Will you join me? [no response] King Arthur: You make me sad. So be it. Come, Patsy! [attempts to get around the Black Knight] Black Knight: None shall pass. King Arthur: What? Black Knight: None shall pass! King Arthur: I have no quarrel with you, good Sir Knight. But I must cross this bridge. Black Knight: Then you shall die. King Arthur: I command you, as King of the Britons, to stand aside! Black Knight: I move for no man. King Arthur: So be it! [they fight until Arthur cuts off Black Knight's left arm] King Arthur: Now, stand aside, worthy adversary! Black Knight: 'Tis but a scratch! King Arthur: A scratch? Your arm's off! Black Knight: No, it isn't! King Arthur: Well, what's that then? King Arthur: I've had worse. King Arthur: You liar! Black Knight: Come on, you pansy! [they fight again. Arthur cuts off the Knight's right arm] King Arthur: Victory is mine! [kneels to pray] King Arthur: We thank thee, Lord, that in thy mercy - [cut off by the Knight kicking him] Black Knight: Come on, then. King Arthur: What? Black Knight: Have at you! King Arthur: You are indeed brave, Sir Knight, but the fight is mine! Black Knight: Oh, had enough, eh? King Arthur: Look, you stupid bastard. You've got no arms left!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Knight 1: ...You must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest... WITH... A HERRING!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King of Swamp Castle: Please! This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let's not bicker and argue about who killed who.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Sir Galahad: Is there someone else up there we can talk to? French Soldier: No, now go away or I shall taunt you a second time!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King of Swamp Castle: We live in a bloody swamp. We need all the land we can get. Prince Herbert: But I don't like her. King of Swamp Castle: Don't like her? What's wrong with her? She's beautiful, she's rich, she's got huge... tracts of land.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Tim: Follow. But! Follow only if ye be men of valor! For the entrance to this cave is guarded by a creature so foul, so cruel, that no man yet has fought with it... and lived! BONES of full fifty men lie *strewn* about its lair! So! Brave knights! If you do doubt your courage or your strength, come no further, for death awaits you all with nasty, big, pointy teeth... [Makes fangs with his fingers and holds them in front of his mouth] King Arthur: What an eccentric performance.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Sir Bedevere: ...and that, my liege, is how we know the Earth to be banana-shaped. King Arthur: This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ French Soldier: You don't frighten us, English pig dogs. Go and boil your bottoms, you sons of a silly person. I blow my nose at you, so-called "Arthur King," you and all your silly English K-nig-hts.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: [about the inscription on the rock] What does it say, Brother Maynard? Brother Maynard: It reads, "Here may be found the last words of Joseph of Aramathia. He who is valiant and pure of spirit may find the holy grail in the Castle of Aaauuuggghhh... " King Arthur: What? Brother Maynard: "The Castle of Aaaauuuggghhhh" Sir Bedevere: What is that? Brother Maynard: He must have died while carving it. King Arthur: Oh come on! Brother Maynard: Well, that's what it says. King Arthur: Look, if he was dying, he wouldn't have bothered to carve 'Aaaauuuggghhhh'. He'd just say it. Sir Galahad: Maybe he was dictating it. King Arthur: Oh shut up! Sir Robin: Well does it say anything else? Brother Maynard: No, just "Aaaaauuuugggghhh". [knights making groaning sounds] Sir Bedevere: Do you think he could have mean, 'Camaaaauuuuggghhhh'? Sir Galahad: Where's that? Sir Bedevere: France, I think. Sir Lancelot: Isn't there a Saint "Aaaaavvvveeeesss" in Cornwall? King Arthur: No that's Saint "Ives". Sir Lancelot: Oh, yes. "Iiiiiivvvveeessss"! [All knights saying, "Iiiiiivvvveeessss"] Sir Bedevere: Whooooouuuuaaa! Sir Lancelot: No no no, it's "Aaaaauuuugggghhhh" from the back of the throat. Sir Bedevere: No I mean, "Whoooouuuuaaa!" as in surprise and alarm. Sir Lancelot: Oh, you mean like, "AAAHH!" Sir Bedevere: Yes, that's it. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Sir Galahad: Zoot! Dingo: No, I am Zoot's identical twin sister, Dingo. [He tried to get past her] Dingo: Where are you going? Sir Galahad: I seek the Grail! I have seen it, here in this castle! Dingo: Oh, no! Oh, no! Bad, bad Zoot! Sir Galahad: What is it? Dingo: Oh, wicked, bad, naughty Zoot! She has been setting a light to our beacon, which, I've just remembered, is Grail shaped. It's not the first time we've had this problem. Sir Galahad: It's not the real Grail? Dingo: Oh, wicked, bad, naughty, evil Zoot! Oh, she is a bad person, and she must pay the penalty! [Turns to camera] Dingo: Do you think this scene should have been cut? We were so worried when the boys were writing it, but now we're glad! It's better than some of the previous scenes I think. Left Head: At least ours was better visually. Dennis: At least ours was committed, it wasn't just a string of pussy jokes. Bridgekeeper: Get on with it. Tim: Yes! Get on with it! Army: Yeah! Get on with it! Dingo: Oh, I am enjoying this scene! God: Get on with it!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ [repeated line] King Arthur: Run away!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: Cut down a tree with a herring? It can't be done. [the Knights of Ni scream and cover their ears] Knight 1: Don't say that word! King Arthur: What word? Knight 1: I cannot tell! Suffice to say, is one of the words the Knights of Ni cannot hear! King Arthur: How can we not say the word if you don't tell us what it is? [the Knights of Ni scream again] Knight 1: He said it again! King Arthur: What,"is"? Knight 1: No, no, not "is". Wouldn't get very far in life not saying "is".

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ God: Arthur, King of the Britons, your Knights of the Round Table shall have a task to make them an example in these dark times. King Arthur: Good idea, O Lord! God: 'Course it's a good idea!

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ Narrator: A year passed: winter changed into spring, spring changed into summer, summer changed back into winter, and winter gave spring and summer a miss and went straight on into autumn... until one day...

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King of Swamp Castle: When I first came here, this was all swamp. Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built in all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up. And that's what you're going to get, Lad, the strongest castle in all of England.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ [after Bors is killed by the killer rabbit] Tim: I *warned* you, but did you listen to me? Oh, no, you *knew*, didn't you? Oh, it's just a harmless little *bunny*, isn't it?

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Am I right? King Arthur: I'm not interested! Second Swallow-Savvy Guard: It could be carried by an African swallow. King Arthur: Will you ask your master if he wants to join my court at Camelot? 1st soldier with a keen interest in birds: Oh yeah, an African swallow, maybe, but not a European swallow. That's my point. Second Swallow-Savvy Guard: But then the African swallow's not migratory...

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King Arthur: O Knights of Ni, you are just and fair, and we will return with a shrubbery. Leader of The Knights who say NI!: One that looks nice. King Arthur: Of course. Leader of The Knights who say NI!: And not too expensive. King Arthur: Yes.

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ French Soldier: - "I wave my private parts at your aunties, you cheesy lot of second hand electric donkey bottom biters"

§Monty Python and the Holy Grail ¤ King of Swamp Castle: You only killed the bride's father, you know. Sir Lancelot: Well, I didn't mean to. King of Swamp Castle: Didn't mean to? You put your sword right through his head. Sir Lancelot: Oh dear... is he all right?

§The Great Escape ¤ Ramsey: Colonel Von Luger, it is the sworn duty of all officers to try to escape. If they cannot escape, then it is their sworn duty to cause the enemy to use an inordinate number of troops to guard them, and their sworn duty to harass the enemy to the best of their ability.

§The Great Escape ¤ Von Luger: It looks, after all, as if you will see Berlin before I do.

§The Great Escape ¤ Sedgwick: Danny, do you speak Russian? Danny: A little, but only one sentence. Sedgwick: Well, let me have it, mate. Danny: Ya vas lyublyu. Sedgwick: Ya ya vas... Danny: Lyublyu. Sedgwick: Lyubliu? Ya vas lyubliu. Ya vas lyublyu. What's it mean? Danny: I love you. Sedgwick: Love you. What bloody good is that? Danny: I don't know, I wasn't going to use it myself.

§The Great Escape ¤ Von Luger: Are all American officers so ill-mannered? Hilts: Yeah, about 99 percent. Von Luger: Then perhaps while you are with us you will have a chance to learn some. Ten days isolation, Hilts. Hilts: CAPTAIN Hilts. Von Luger: Twenty days. Hilts: Right. Oh, uh, you'll still be here when I get out? Von Luger: [visibly annoyed] Cooler!

§The Great Escape ¤ Colin: Afraid this tea's pathetic. Must have used these wretched leaves about twenty times. It's not that I mind so much. Tea without milk is so uncivilized.

§The Great Escape ¤ Sedgwick: [On his reason for standing by the shower] I'm watching him. I'm a lifeguard.

§The Great Escape ¤ Hilts: Wait a minute. You aren't seriously suggesting that if I get through the wire... and case everything out there... and don't get picked up... to turn myself in and get thrown back in the cooler for a couple of months so you can get the information you need? Bartlett: Yes.

§The Great Escape ¤ Hilts: I haven't seen Berlin yet, from the ground or from the air, and I plan on doing both before the war is over.

§The Great Escape ¤ Goff: No taxation without representation!

§The Great Escape ¤ Bartlett: Hilts, how do you breathe? Hilts: Oh, we got a steel rod with hinges on it. We'll shove it up and make air holes as we go along. [to Ramsey] Hilts: G'night, sir. [Walks out] MacDonald: Why didn't anyone think of that before? It's so stupid, it's positively brilliant! [face falls] MacDonald: Oh, but it'll bring every goon in the camp down on top of us! Bartlett: I don't know. Perhaps we're being too clever. If we stop all the breakouts, it will only convince the goons we must be tunneling. Ramsey: I hope it works. If it doesn't, those two will be in the cooler for an awfully long time. [cut to Hilts and Ives being escorted back to the cooler covered in dirt]

§The Great Escape ¤ [on some materials he's using for escape clothes] Bartlett: Where in God's name did you get these? Griffith: Hendley. Bartlett: Well, where did he get them? Griffith: Well, I asked him that. Bartlett: What did he say? Griffith: "Don't ask."

§The Great Escape ¤ Ashley-Pitt: [watching Hilts be brought back into camp] I didn't think he'd get caught so soon. Bartlett: He wasn't caught.

§The Great Escape ¤ Bartlett: Virgil, isn't it? Hilts: Hilts. Just make it Hilts.

§The Great Escape ¤ Hendley: Colin's not a blind man as long as he's with me. And he's going with me!

§The Great Escape ¤ Von Luger: In the past four years the Reich has been forced to spend an enormous amount of time, energy, manpower and equipment hunting down escaping prisoner-of-war officers. Ramsey: Well, at least it's rather nice to know you're wanted.

§The Great Escape ¤ Danny: Oh, Hendley. I need a pick. Big, heavy one. Hendley: Only one? Danny: Two would be better.

§The Great Escape ¤ Colin: Thank you for getting me out.

§The Great Escape ¤ Hilts: How many you taking out? Bartlett: Two hundred and fifty. Hilts: Two hundred and fifty? Bartlett: Yeh. Hilts: You're crazy. You oughta be locked up. You, too. Two hundred and fifty guys just walkin' down the road, just like that?

§The Great Escape ¤ Stratwitch: What are you doing over here by the wire? Hilts: Well, like I told Max here, I was trying to get my... German Soldier: [Voice] Achtung! [Von Luger enters] Von Luger: What were you doing by the wire? Hilts: Well, like I told Max... I was trying to cut my way through your wire because I want to get out.

§The Great Escape ¤ [gathering wood to shore up the tunnels, Hilts removes the wooden slats from bunk beds in the sleeping area of the prisoner barracks, holding a stack of them, and walks carefully out into the hallway] Cavendish: [passes Hilts in the hallway on his way to his bunk bed] Five gold rings. Four calling birds - bloody singing, I've never worked so hard in all my life. Hi, Hilts! Hilts: [turns and tries to warn him] Say, Cavendish... Cavendish: Four calling birds, three French hens, two turtledoves, and a partridge in a pear - Alley-oop! [Cavendish climbs to the top bunk, and vaults onto the unsupported mattress, which collapses under his weight through the bed frame, as well as the two beneath it. Hilts approaches the doorway and sees Cavendish on the floor] Hilts: Never mind. [Leaves]

§The Great Escape ¤ Stratwitch: I will not take action against you, now. This is the first day here and there has been much stupidity and carelessness... on both sides!

§The Great Escape ¤ Stratwitch: Your name? Ives: Ives. [Strachwitz looks through his prisoner profiles] Stratwitch: Ives... Ives... Oh, yes. Archibald Ives. Scot. The photograph doesn't do justice. Ives: I'd like to see one of you under similar circumstances.

§The Great Escape ¤ Colin: You know, he's right. he's right. I really shouldn't go. My eyes have been getting worse and worse. I think they call it progressive Myopia. I can see things up here. [looks at pin] Colin: yes I can see it well, but, you're just a blur. Hendley: I know. Ah, Hell, we'll make it in great shape. Colin, do you have any tea? Colin: Yes, of course. Hendley: Let's have some. Colin: Splendid.

§The Great Escape ¤ [last lines of part one] Hilts: [after Ives is killed] Sir, let me know the exact information you need. I'm going out tonight. Bartlett: Right. [to Danny] Bartlett: Open up Harry. We dig. Around the clock.

§The Great Escape ¤ Bartlett: Gentlemen, no doubt you've heard the immortal words of our new commandant: devote your energies to things other than escape, and sit out the war as comfortably as possible. Sedgwick: [derisively] Ha! Bartlett: Well, that's exactly what we're going to do. We're going to devote our energies to sports and gardening, all the cultural pursuits as far as they're concerned. In fact, we're going to put the goons to sleep. Meanwhile, we dig. Now, even a superficial look at the compound shows us that Huts 104 and 5 are closest to the woods. The first tunnel goes out from 105, directly east under the vorlager, the cooler, and the wire. Willie: But that's over three hundred feet, Roger! Bartlett: Did you make a survey, Dennis? Cavendish: Only a temporary one, sir. I make it just over three hundred and thirty-five feet. Bartlett: Let me know when you've got an exact one. Willie, this time we'll dig straight down thirty feet before we go horizontal. That'll rule out any question of sound detection or probing. Willie: All right, Roger. But did you say "the first tunnel"? Bartlett: I did. There will be three. We'll call them Tom, Dick, and Harry. Tom, as I said, goes out directly east from 104. Dick goes north from the kitchen, and Harry goes out parallel to Tom from 105. If the goons find one, we'll move into the other. MacDonald: How many men do you plan to take out, Roger? Bartlett: Two hundred and fifty. [Shocked stares] Bartlett: There will be no half-measures this time, gentlemen. There will be identification papers and documents for everyone. And Griff, we'll need outfits for the lot. Griffith: Two hundred and fifty? Bartlett: Mostly civilian clothes. Griffith: Yes, but, um... okay, Roger. Bartlett: Mac. Maps, blankets, rations, compasses for all the walkers, and timetables for every train. MacDonald: Right, Roger. [Blythe enters] Colin: Sorry I'm late, Roger. Bartlett: It's all right, Colin. Sit down. We're going to tunnel. Colin: Splendid. Bartlett: Willie, you and Danny will be tunnel kings. Danny, you'll be in charge of traps, and I'll work out the exact location with you tomorrow. Danny: Good. Bartlett: Sedgwick, manufacturer. Griffith, I said, tailor. Nimmo and Hayes, diversions. Mac, of course, will take care of intelligence. Hendley? We haven't met. Scrounger?

§The Great Escape ¤ Hilts: Hold on to yourself, Bartlett. You're twenty feet short. Bartlett: What do you mean, twenty feet short? Hilts: You're twenty feet short of the woods. The hole is right here in open. The guard is between us and the lights.

§The Great Escape ¤ Sorren: What the hell have you got in there, a piano? Sedgewick: Oh, that's very funny, mate. Sorren: Sedgewick, you won't get this thing through. Sedgewick: [pulling his trunk into the tunnel] I'll cope!

§The Great Escape ¤ [first title card] Title Card: This is a true story. Although the characters are composites of real men, and time and place have been compressed, every detail of the escape is the way it really happened.

§The Great Escape ¤ Hilts: [tasting the moonshine, speaks in a raspy voice] Wow! Hendley: [tasting the moonshine, speaks in a hoarse tone] Wow! Goff: [tasting the moonshine, is wracked with coughing and weakly says while still coughing] ... wow...

§The Great Escape ¤ Ramsey: [after hearing complaints about the plethora of escapes] Colonel, do you expect officers to forget their duty? Von Luger: [reluctantly] No. It is precisely because we expect the opposite that you are here.

§The Great Escape ¤ Hilts: What do they call a mole in Scotland? Ives: A mole? Hilts: Aye.

§The Great Escape ¤ Ramsey: Did the Gestapo give you a rough time? Bartlett: Not nearly as rough as I now intend to give them. Ramsey: Roger, personal revenge must be kept out of what we have to do here. Too many lives are at stake. Bartlett: [scoffing] What my personal feelings are is of no importance. You appointed me Big X. And it's my duty to harass, confound, and confuse the enemy to the best of my ability. Ramsey: That's true. Bartlett: Well, that's what I intend to do. I'm going to cause such a terrible stink in this... Third Reich of theirs, that thousands of troops that could well be employed at the front will be tied up here looking after us. Ramsey: How? Bartlett: By putting more men out of this... "perfect" camp of theirs than have ever escaped before. Oh, not blitzing out two or three or a dozen, but two hundred, three hundred. Scatter them all over Germany. Ramsey: Do you think that's possible? Bartlett: Well, the men are here to do it. The goons have put every escape artist in Germany in this camp. You said so yourself. Ramsey: Have you thought of what it might cost? Bartlett: I've thought of the humiliation if we just... tamely submit. Knuckle under and crawl. Surely, you don't advocate that, do you, sir? Ramsey: I have to point out one thing to you, Roger. No matter how unsatisfactory this camp may be, the High Command have still left us in the hands of the Luftwaffe. Not the Gestapo and the SS. Bartlett: Look, sir, you talk about the High Command and the Luftwaffe, and then you talk about the Gestapo and the SS. To me, they're the same! We're fighting the bloody lot! There's only one way to put it, sir: they are the common enemies of everyone who believes in freedom. If the High Command didn't approve of Hitler, then why didn't they throw him out?

§The Great Escape ¤ Willie: [arriving at Stalag Luft III] How far are the trees, Danny? Danny: Over... two hundred feet. Willie: Yeah, I'd say three hundred. Danny: Long ways to dig. Willie: We'll get Cavendish to make a survey. I wish Big X were here. Danny: Willy, you think X got away? Willie: Well, he'd have sent us word somehow if he had. Danny: Gestapo, you think? Willie: Either that or he's dead.

§The Great Escape ¤ Ramsey: Up the rebels. Goff: Down the British.

§The Great Escape ¤ Ramsey: Roger's idea was to get back at the enemy the hardest way he could, mess up the works. From what we've heard here, I think he did exactly that. Hendley: Do you think it was worth the price? Ramsey: Depends on your point of view, Hendley.

§The Great Escape ¤ Steinach: Herr Bartlett-! [Bartlett turns around and says something in German] Steinach: Your German is good. And I hear, also, your French. Your arms... [pulls a gun] Steinach: UP! [Bartlett surrenders]

§The Great Escape ¤ German Policeman: [The policeman interrogates Bartlett and MacDonald in French, and they reply convincingly, so he allows them to go on their way. Then he says, in English...] Good luck. MacDonald: [In English] Thank you.

§The Great Escape ¤ Von Luger: Eleven of your men are being returned today. Ramsey: Oh? Who? Von Luger: I do not have that information. I... I am directed by higher authority to inform you that... that fifty of your officers were shot while escaping. Ramsey: Shot? Von Luger: Their... their personal effects will be returned. Ramsey: How many of them were wounded? Von Luger: Here are the names... of the dead. Ramsey: How many of the fifty were wounded? Von Luger: None. The... the higher authority only directs me to inform you that fifty men were... Ramsey: I see.

§The Great Escape ¤ MacDonald: Oh my God, they found Tom.

§The Great Escape ¤ Hendley: Come on, Roger. We all know the score here, at least... most of us do. Your idea of this escape is to... start another front, to foul up the Germans behind the lines. All right, that's fine, that's fine. But once we get passed that barbed wire, once we have them looking all over Germany for us, that mission is accomplished. Afterwards, we have some ideas of our own. Bartlett: You mean getting home? Back to your family and children? Hendley: That's right. Bartlett: Good God, man. Do you really believe I haven't thought about that, too?

§The Great Escape ¤ Bartlett: Not Colin. He'd be an appalling hazard to the whole escape. That must be my decision. Hendley: You want to talk about hazards? Let talk about hazards. Lets talk about you. You're the biggest hazard we have. The Gestapo has you marked. No one has said you can't go. Bartlett: That's true, and I have thought about the Gestapo. But if you're asking me how a far a commanding officer is allowed to go, or dare go, or should be permitted to play God, I can't answer you.

§The Great Escape ¤ Colin: Tea? Hendley: I only drank tea once - in a hospital.

§The Great Escape ¤ Stratwitch: [Danny and Sedgewick are trying to sneak out with a group of Russian prisoners] Halt! [walks over to Sedgewick] Stratwitch: Out! [pause] Stratwitch: OUT! Danny: [No, No! Comrade!] Nyet, nyet! Tovarich! Stratwitch: Oh, he's your friend. Danny: [Comrade!] Tovarich! Stratwitch: And who vouches for you, Lieutenant Willenski? Come on out, Sedgewick. Danny: [hands coat back to Russian prisoner and steps out of line] Spasiba. [thanks]

§The Great Escape ¤ [repeated line] Colin: Splendid!

§The Great Escape ¤ Bartlett: It's possible for one man to get out through the wire, even get away, but there are in fact a considerable number of people besides yourself in this camp who are trying to escape. Hilts: I appreciate that. [pauses, looks at Bartlett] Hilts: Something's coming. I can feel it, and it's coming right around the corner at me, Squadron Leader!

§The Great Escape ¤ Sorren: Roger, who's going to handle security for this lot? Bartlett: You are.

§The Great Escape ¤ Herr Kuhn: We have reason to believe this prisoner is the mastermind behind numerous criminal escape attempts. Von Luger: [sarcastically] Squadron Leader Bartlett has been three months in your care! And the Gestapo has only "reason to believe"!

§The Great Escape ¤ Goff: [Sedgewick has just descended into the tunnel entrance] Was that Sedgewick with his steamer trunk? Cavendish: Who else? Goff: I wish he was back in Australia with his kangaroos.

§The Great Escape ¤ Danny: Willie, since I was a boy, I hate and fear little rooms, closets, caves. Willie: But Danny, you've dug seventeen tunnels. Over seventeen! Danny: Because I must get out! I hide the fear, and I dig. Tomorrow night in the tunnel with all those men... I'm afraid maybe this time I will lose my head and ruin the escape for everybody.

§The Great Escape ¤ Danny: [preparing to start the escape tunnel] We're ready. Bartlett: Big enough? Danny: It's perfect. Right through the middle of the foundation. [with his chalk, he writes "17" in the corner of the concrete] Bartlett: Good luck to us, Danny. Hendley: [quietly to Mac] Why seventeen? MacDonald: This is the seventeenth tunnel Danny's started.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy. Come on, Squishy. Come on, little Squishy. [baby talk, the jellyfish stings her] Dory: Ow. Bad Squishy, bad Squishy.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: Just keep swimming.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: I promised I'd never let anything happen to him. Dory: Hmm. That's a funny thing to promise. Marlin: What? Dory: Well, you can't never let anything happen to him. Then nothing would ever happen to him. Not much fun for little Harpo.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Crush: 'Cause we were like, "woaaaah.", and I was like, "woaaaah." and you were like, "woaaahh..."

§Finding Nemo ¤ Bruce: [reciting] I am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine. If I am to change this image, I must first change myself. Fish are friends, not food.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Nemo: Has anyone seen my dad? Peach: Honey, your father's probably back at the pet store. Nemo: Pet store? Bloat: Yeah. Like, I'm from Bob's Fish Mart. Gurgle: Pet Palace. Bubbles: Fish-O-Rama. Deb: Mail Order. Peach: Ebay.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: How about we play a game? Marlin: All right. Dory: Okay, I'm thinking of something orange, and it's small... Marlin: It's me. Dory: Right! [Later] Dory: I'm thinking of something orange and small... Marlin: Me again. Dory: All right, Mr. Smartypants... [Later] Dory: ... It's orange and small, and has stripes... Marlin: Me, and the next one - just a guess - me. Dory: Okay, that's just scary.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: No. No, you can't... STOP. Please don't go away. Please? No one's ever stuck with me for so long before. And if you leave... if you leave... I just, I remember things better with you. I do, look. P. Sherman, forty-two... forty-two... I remember it, I do. It's there, I know it is, because when I look at you, I can feel it. And-and I look at you, and I... and I'm home. Please... I don't want that to go away. I don't want to forget. Marlin: I'm sorry, Dory. But I... do.

§Finding Nemo ¤ [last lines] [the fish have managed to roll into the ocean in their plastic bags] Bloat: Ha, ha, ha, ha! Gill: We did it! [pause] Bloat: Now what?

§Finding Nemo ¤ Crush: Okay. Squirt here will now give you a rundown of proper exiting technique. Squirt: Good afternoon. We're gonna have a great jump today. Okay, first crank a hard cutback as you hit the wall. There's a screaming bottom curve, so watch out. Remember: rip it, roll it, and punch it. Marlin: It's like he's trying to speak to me, I know it. [to Squirt] Marlin: Look, you're really cute, but I can't understand what you're saying. Say the first thing again.

§Finding Nemo ¤ [repeated line] Seagulls: Mine.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: Hey, Mr. Grumpy Gills. When life gets you down do you know what you've gotta do? Marlin: No, I don't know what to do. Dory: [singing] Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do? We swim, swim. Marlin: Dory, no singing. Dory: [continuing] Ha, ha, ha, ha, ho. I love to swim. When you want to swim you want to swim. Marlin: Now I'm stuck with that song... Now it's in my head. Dory: Sorry.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: Tell me, Dory, do you see anything? Dory: Yeah, I see a light. Marlin: A light? Dory: Yeah. I see a light. Marlin: Yeah, I see it too. Dory: Hey, Conscience, am I dead? Marlin: No, no. I see it, too. [they swim up to the light] Marlin: What is it? Dory: It's so... *pretty*. Marlin: [mesmerized] I... I'm feeling... happy, which is a big deal... for me. Dory: I want to touch it... [she does; the light bobs quickly away] Dory: Oh! Marlin: Hey, come back. Come on back here. I'm gonna get ya. Dory: Come here. Marlin: [singing] I'm gonna swim with you... Dory: I'm gonna get ya. I'm gonna get ya. Marlin: [singing] I'm gonna be your best friend... [a big scary fish looms into view] Marlin: ...Good feeling's gone. Marlin, Dory: AHH!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: Hi. I'm Dory. Anchor, Chum, Bruce: Hello, Dory. Dory: And, uh, well... well, I don't think I've ever eaten a fish. [the sharks applaud] Chum: Wow, that's incredible! Bruce: Good on ya, mate! Dory: Whew. Glad I got that off my chest.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Crush: Oh, it's awesome, Jellyman. The little dudes are just eggs, we leave 'em on a beach to hatch, and then, coo-coo-cachoo, they find their way back to the big ol' blue.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Bruce: [breaking through a porthole while blood-crazy] Here's Brucey!

§Finding Nemo ¤ [after whale blows Marlin and Dory out] Marlin: THAAAANKKK YOUUUUU SIRRRRRRR. Dory: Wow. I wish I could speak whale...

§Finding Nemo ¤ Chum: Humans - -think they own *everything*. Anchor: Probably *American*.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Nemo: What's that? Tad: I know what that is. Sandy Plankton saw one. He called it... uh... he said it was called a "butt". Pearl: That's a pretty big butt. [swims out a little] Sheldon: Oh, look at me... I'm gonna touch the butt.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Sheldon: I'm H2O intolerant. [sneezes]

§Finding Nemo ¤ Crush: Dude? Dude? Focus dude... Dude? [Marlin wakes up] Crush: Oh, he lives. Hey, dude! Marlin: Oh... What happened? Crush: Saw the whole thing, dude. First you were all like "whoa", and we were like "whoa", and you were like "whoa..." Marlin: What are you talking about? Crush: You, Mini-Man, takin' on the jellies. You've got serious thrill issues, dude. Awesome. Marlin: Oh, my stomach. Ohh. Crush: Oh, man. Hey, no hurling on the shell, dude, ok? Just waxed it. Marlin: So, Mr. Turtle? Crush: Whoa, Dude. Mister Turtle is my father. The name's Crush. Marlin: Crush, really? OK, Crush. I need to get to the East Australian Current. EAC? Crush: [laughing] Oh, dude. You're ridin' it, dude! Check it out!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: What did it say? What did the mask say? Dory: P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney. [gasps] Dory: I remembered what it said! I usually forget things, but I remembered it that time! P. Sherman, 4... Marlin: Wait! What does that mean? Dory: I don't know. But who cares! Ha ha! I remembered! P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney. I remembered it again!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Nemo: Hey dad! Maybe when I'm at school, I'll see a shark. Marlin: I highly doubt it. Nemo: Have how ever met a shark? Marlin: No, and I don't plan to. Nemo: How old are sea turtles? Marlin: Sea turtles? I don't know. Nemo: Sandy Plankton from next door, he says they live to be a hundred years old. Marlin: Well, if I ever meet a sea turtle I'll ask him, right after I'm done talking to the shark.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Seagulls: Mine. Mine. Mine. Mine. [repeatedly] Nigel: Oh would you just shut up? You're rats with wings!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: Dory there's no way out! [Bruce bangs on the door] Dory: Hello? Marlin: Dory, help me find a way out! Dory: Sorry, can't help you, trying to escape! Marlin: Dory, what are we going to do? Dory: Hey look here, "es-ca-pe!" Its funny, it's spelled just like the word escape...

§Finding Nemo ¤ Squirt: Whoa! That was so cool! Hey, Dad! Did you see that? Did you see me? Did you see what I did? Crush: You so totally rock, Squirt! So gimme some fin. [they slap fins] Crush: Noggin'. [bump heads] Squirt, Crush: Dude!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: [about the humpback whale] Maybe he only speaks whale. [slowly and deeply, imitating the whale] Dory: Mooo... Weeee neeeed... Marlin: Dory? Dory: ...tooo fiiind hiiis sooon. Marlin: What are you doing? Are you sure you speak whale? Dory: Caaaan yoooou giive uuuus direeeeectioooons? Marlin: Dory! Heaven knows what you're saying! See, he's swimming away. Dory: Cooome baaaaack. Marlin: He's not coming back. You offended him. Dory: Maybe a different dialect. Mmmmoooooowaaaaah... Marlin: Dory! This is not whale. You're speaking like, upset stomach. Dory: Maybe I should try humpback. Marlin: No, don't try humpback. Dory: Woooooo! Woooooo! Marlin: Okay, now you really do sound sick. Dory: Maybe louder. Rah! Rah! Marlin: Don't do that! Dory: Too much orca. Did it sound a little orca-ish to you? Marlin: It doesn't sound orca. It sounds like nothing I've ever heard!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: Have you seen a clown fish swim by? It looks just like him. [points to Nemo] Nemo: But bigger. Crab: Yeah, I saw him, Bluey. But I'm not telling you where he went, and there's no way you're gonna make me. [Dory holds him out of water for the seagulls to see] Seagulls: Mine? Crab: Ahh! All right! I'll talk! I'll talk! He went to the fishing grounds! Aaah! Seagulls: Mine? Mine. Mine!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: We did it, we did it oh, yeah, yeah, yeah! No eating here tonight, Woo! Marlin, Dory: Eating here tonight! Dory: No, no, no eating here tonight, you're on a diet!

§Finding Nemo ¤ [as Bruce hungrily chases Marlin and Dory] Anchor: He really doesn't mean it, you know! He never even knew his father!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: [introduction to the main menu of the first disc of the DVD] Where is it? Where is it? [the menu appears] Dory: Oh there's the menu, I knew it was around here somewhere. Marlin: Well. [Marlin and Dory do not appear onscreen during this menu exchange] Marlin: [beginning of menu loop; Marlin talks to the viewer at home] Okay, you've got a lot of choices here. You can watch just the movie *without* the commentary... Dory: [interrupting] Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! I'm so excited! I've always wanted to see... "The Little Mermaid"! Marlin: Good. Well this is "Finding Nemo". Dory: Oh, well that sounds nice, too. Maybe we should watch *that* one. Marlin: We're watching that one! This is "Finding Nemo"! Dory: [sounding flattered] Oh you shouldn't have switched just for me! Marlin: Unbelievable... [pause] Dory: I've always wanted to be in a film. Marlin: You were in a film. THIS one. "Finding Nemo"! Dory: No way! I'd remember that. [laughs strangely] Dory: Seriously... Marlin: No you wouldn't... Dory: Yes I would. [excited inhalation sigh] Dory: Being in a film would be so glamorous! Marlin: [nonplussed] Really? Dory: Oh my. Fabulous! Where's my trailer? I need water! Marlin: Dory... Dory: Fill my trailer with water! Marlin: Something's wrong with you. [pause] Dory: Just keep watching, just keep watching, just keep watching watching watching. Watching, watching, watching... [continues singing in this manner while Marlin speaks] Marlin: You got a lot of choices here. Or you don't even have to watch *this* movie. Take the disc out, and I'll stop talking. [Dory is still singing] Marlin: There are no wrong choices. The only wrong choice is to sit there like you're doing. [Dory is still singing] Marlin: There are a lot of choices here, just pick one! Pick one so we can start! Please! All of us got nothing to do! Hit a choice, will ya? Dory: [still singing] Hoo hoo, hoo hoo! Keep on watching...

§Finding Nemo ¤ Nemo: Are you all right? Dory: [exasperated] I don't know where I am... I don't know what's going on. I think I lost somebody but I, I can't remember... and I can't remember... Nemo: It's OK, it's OK. I'm looking for somebody too. Hey, we can look together. Dory: I'm Dory. Nemo: I'm Nemo. Dory: Nemo?... that's a nice name...

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: [Dory and Marlin are in pitch darkness looking for the mask] Dory, do you see anything? Dory: Ahh! Something's got me! Marlin: That's just me. I'm sorry. Dory: Who's that? Marlin: [exasperated] Who's that? Who else would it be? It's me! Dory: Are... are you my conscience? Marlin: [sighs] Yes, I'm your conscience. We haven't spoken for a while. How are you? Dory: Eh, can't complain. Marlin: Good. Now, Dory, do you see anything? Dory: [angler fish's light approaches] Yes, I see... a light. Hey, conscience, am I dead? Marlin: No, I see it too.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Gill: From this moment on, you shall now be known as Sharkbait. Bloat, Gurgle, Bubbles: Sharkbait! Hoo ha ha! Gill: Welcome, Brother Sharkbait! Bloat, Gurgle, Bubbles: Sharkbait! Hoo ha ha! Gill: Enough with the Sharkbait. Gurgle: Sharkbait! Hoo... bop pa doo.

§Finding Nemo ¤ [as the pelicans watch Gerald choking on his breakfast] Nigel: Reckon somebody oughta help the poor guy. Pelicans: [all shrug and mutter] Yeah, yeah right... Nigel: [sarcastically] Well, don't everybody fly off at once.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: The water's going down. It's-it's-it's going down! Dory: Hmm. Are you sure about that? Marlin: Look! Already it's half-empty. Dory: Hmm... I'd say it's half-full. Marlin: Stop that! It's half-empty!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Bruce: Now there is a father looking for his little boy. [starts crying] Bruce: I never knew my father! Anchor: Come on, group hug. Chum: We're all mates here, mate.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: [Surrounded by jellyfish] This is bad, Dory. Very bad. Dory: [Bouncing on top of a jellyfish] Hey, watch this. Boing! Boing!... Marlin: Dory! Dory: You can't catch me! Marlin: Dory, don't bounce on the tops! They will... not sting you. The tops don't sting you! That's it! Dory: Two in a row. Beat that. Marlin: Dory, listen to me. We're going to play a game. Dory: A game? Marlin: Yeah, a game. Dory: I love games! Pick me! Marlin: We're gonna race. First one out of the jellyfish wins. Dory: Out, got it! Marlin: Rules, rules! You can't touch the tentacles, only the tops... Dory: Something about tentacles, got it. Marlin: No, it's not something about them, it's all about them. Dory: On your mark, get set, go! Marlin: Wait, Dory!

§Finding Nemo ¤ School of Fish: Oh and one more thing: when you come to this trench, swim through it, not over it. Dory: Trench. Through it, not over. I'll remember. [swimming to catch up with Marlin] Dory: Hey wait up there's something I gotta tell you. [sees the trench] Dory: Woah. Nice trench.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: Hey, Crush! Crush, I forgot! How old are you? Crush: Hundred and fifty, dude, and still young. Rock on.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: There was this mollusk, and he walks up to this sea cucumber. Normally, they don't talk, sea cucumbers, but in a joke everyone talks. So the sea mollusk says to the cucumber... [sees the mask] Marlin: Nemo! Chum: [laughing] Nemo! Ha ha! Nemo... I don't get it. Bruce: For a clown fish, he's not that funny.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Bruce: Hello. My name is Bruce. Anchor, Chum: Hello, Bruce. Bruce: It has been three weeks since my last fish, on my honor, or may I be chopped up and made into soup. [Anchor and Chum applaud] Chum: You're an inspiration to us all! Anchor: Amen!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Deb: Kid, if there's anything you need, just ask your auntie Deb. That's me. Or if I'm not around, you can talk to my sister, Flo. [swims up to her reflection] Deb: Hi, how are ya? Don't listen to anything my sister says, she's nuts!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Gill: All drains lead to the ocean.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Bob: Hey, you're doing pretty well for a first-timer. Marlin: Well, you can't hold on to them forever, can you? Bill: You know I had a tough time when my oldest went out to the drop off. Marlin: They've just got to grow up som - THE DROP OFF? THEY'RE GOING TO THE DROP OFF? WHAT ARE YOU, INSANE? WHY DON'T WE JUST FRY THEM UP NOW AND SERVE THEM WITH CHIPS? Bob: Hey Marty, calm down. Marlin: Don't tell me to be calm, pony boy. Bob: Pony boy? Bill: You know for a clownfish, he really isn't that funny. Ted: Pity.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Nigel: Hi there. From my neck of the woods, eh? Sorry if I took a snap at you at one time. Fish gotta swim, birds gotta eat.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Marlin: Wait a minute! You can read? Dory: I can read? That's right, I can READ!

§Finding Nemo ¤ Crab#1: Hey. Crab#2: Hey. Crab#1: Hey. Crab#2: Hey.

§Finding Nemo ¤ Dory: I saw a boat. Marlin: You did? Dory: Yeah, it went by not too long ago. Follow me. [few seconds later] Dory: Would you quit it? What, the ocean isnt big enough for you or something like that? You got a problem? Huh? Do ya, do ya, do ya? You wanna piece of me? Yeah, yeah! Ooh, I'm scared now! What? Marlin: What? You said you saw a boat. Dory: A boat? Marlin: YES. Dory: Hey, I've seen a boat. It went by not too long ago. It went... this way. It went this way. Marlin: Wait a minute, you already told me which way the boat went. Dory: I did? Oh, no...

§Finding Nemo ¤ Nigel: [quietly] Okay, don't make any sudden moves. Hop inside my mouth... if you want to live. Marlin: Hop in your mouth, huh? And how does that make me live? Seagull: Mine? Nigel: Because - I can take you to your son. Marlin: Yeah, right. Nigel: No, I know your son. He's orange and has a gimpy fin on one side. Marlin: [shouts and jumps] That's Nemo!

§Rashomon ¤ Commoner: It's human to lie. Most of the time we can't even be honest with ourselves.

§Rashomon ¤ Commoner: But is there anyone who's really good? Maybe goodness is just make-believe. Priest: What a frightening... Commoner: Man just wants to forget the bad stuff, and believe in the made-up good stuff. It's easier that way.

§Rashomon ¤ Woodcutter: You selfish... Commoner: What's wrong with that? Dogs are better off in this world. If you're not selfish, you can't survive. Woodcutter: Damn it. Everyone is selfish and dishonest. Making excuses. The bandit, the woman, the man, and you!

§Rashomon ¤ Woodcutter: I'm the one who should be ashamed. I don't understand my own soul.

§Rashomon ¤ Priest: I don't want to hear it. No more horror stories. Commoner: They are common stories these days. I even heard that the demon living here in Rashômon fled in fear of the ferocity of man.

§Rashomon ¤ Priest: It's horrifying. If men don't trust each other, this earth might as well be hell. Commoner: That's right. The world's a kind of hell. Priest: No! I believe in men. I don't want this place to be hell. Commoner: Shouting doesn't help. Think about it. Out of these three, whose story is believable? Woodcutter: No idea. Commoner: In the end, you cannot understand the things men do.

§Rashomon ¤ Commoner: We all want to forget something, so we tell stories. It's easier that way.

§Rashomon ¤ Commoner: Well, men are only men. That's why they lie. They can't tell the truth, even to themselves. Priest: That may be true. Because men are weak, they lie to deceive themselves. Commoner: Not another sermon! I don't mind a lie if it's interesting.

§Rashomon ¤ Commoner: No one tells a lie after he's said he's going to tell one.

§Rashomon ¤ Priest: Dead men tell no lies.

§Rashomon ¤ Commoner: Women use their tears to fool everyone. They even fool themselves.

§Rashomon ¤ Priest: A human life is truly as frail and fleeting as the morning dew.

§Rashomon ¤ Tajômaru: I saw the couple three days ago. It was a hot afternoon. Suddenly a cool breeze rustle the leaves. If it hadn't been for that wind, I wouldn't have killed him.

§Rashomon ¤ Priest: War, earthquake, winds, fire, famine, the plague. Year after year, it's been nothing but disasters. And bandits descend upon us every night. I've seen so many men getting killed like insects, but even I have never heard a story as horrible as this. Yes. So horrible. This time, I may finally lose my faith in the human soul. It's worse than worse than bandits, the plague, famine, fire or wars.

§Rashomon ¤ Tajômaru: I had never seen such fierceness in a woman.

§Rashomon ¤ Priest: A man's been murdered. Commoner: So what? Only one? Why, up on top of this gate, there's always five or six bodies. No one worries about them.

§Rashomon ¤ Masako: A man has to make a woman his by his sword.

§Rashomon ¤ Tajômaru: [Recalls luring the wife to the grove after telling her her husband has been bitten] She became very pale and stared at me as though her eyes were frozen. She looked like a child when it turns suddenly serious. The sight of her made me jealous of that man. I started to hate him. I wanted to show her what he looked like, all tied up like that. I hadn't even thought of a thing like that before, but now I did.

§Rashomon ¤ Commoner: It sounded interesting, at least while I kept out of the rain. But if it's a sermon, I'd sooner listen to the rain.

§Rashomon ¤ Masako: Wait! Stop! Either you die or my husband dies. One of you must die. To have my shame known to two men is worse than dying. I will go with the survivor.

§Rashomon ¤ Masako: A woman loves a man who loves passionately.

§Rashomon ¤ Tajômaru: I already had you, but I only want you more. It's very hard. I beg you to be my wife.

§Rashomon ¤ Masako: [laughing hysterically] It's you two who are weak! [to Takehiro] Masako: If you are my husband, kill this man, then you can tell me to kill myself! But you're not a real man. That is why I was crying. I'm tired of this farce. [She continues laughing, and turns to Tajomaru] Masako: I thought Tajomaru might find some way out. [She clutches the bandit by his rags] Masako: I thought that if he would save me I would do anything for him! I wanted you to take me away. I would have been yours! [She spits in his face and laughs again] Masako: But he's not a man, either. He's just like my husband. [Tajomaru cringes] Masako: Remember, a woman loves a real man only. She can be won only by the strength of your swords.

§Rashomon ¤ Woodcutter: I don't understand. I just don't understand. I don't understand it at all. I just don't understand.

§Rashomon ¤ Masako: Wherever. Take me wherever you want.

§Rashomon ¤ Woodcutter: It's a lie. It's all a lie. Tajômaru's story and the woman's. Commoner: It's human nature to lie. Most of the time we can't even be honest with ourselves. Priest: That may be. But it's because men are weak that they lie, even to themselves. Commoner: Not another sermon. I don't care if it's a lie, as long as it's entertaining. What story did the woman come up with? Priest: Well, it's completely different from Tajômaru's story. So different that her face didn't even show the fierceness he spoke of. She was so docile, she was almost pitiful.

§Rashomon ¤ Tajômaru: [recalling staring transfixed at the man's wife] I thought I saw a goddess. At that moment I decided to have her, even if I had to kill her man. But if I could have her without killing, all the better.

§Rashomon ¤ Tajômaru: [Presenting his sword to the husband] Here, take it. Look at it. Near here I found this old tomb with things like this in it. I broke it open and inside I found swords, daggers, mirrors... I buried them all here in the woods and no one but me knows where. But if you're interested I might sell some of them to you cheap.

§Rashomon ¤ Masako: What should a poor, helpless woman like me do?

§Rashomon ¤ Masako: Kill that person, please!

§The Elephant Man ¤ John Merrick: I AM NOT AN ELEPHANT! I AM NOT AN ANIMAL! I AM... A HUMAN BEING! I... AM... A... MAN!

§The Elephant Man ¤ [last lines] Merrick's Mother: Never. Oh, never. Nothing will die. The stream flows, the wind blows, the cloud fleets, the heart beats. Nothing will die.

§The Elephant Man ¤ John Merrick: People are frightened by what they don't understand.

§The Elephant Man ¤ John Merrick: [after seeing pictures of Dr. Treves' family] Would you care to see my mother? Dr. Frederick Treves: [surprised] Your mother? Yes please. [John pulls out a small portrait] Mrs. Treves: Oh but she's... Mr. Merrick, she's beautiful! John Merrick: Oh, she had the face of an angel! [sadly] John Merrick: I must have been a great disappointment to her. Mrs. Treves: No, Mr. Merrick, no. No son as loving as you could ever be a disappointment. John Merrick: If only I could find her, so she could see me with such lovely friends here now; perhaps she could love me as I am. I've tried so hard to be good. [Mrs. Treves begins to cry]

§The Elephant Man ¤ Mrs. Treves: I'm very pleased to meet you, Mr. Merrick. John Merrick: I'm very pleased... [John begins to cry] Dr. Frederick Treves: What is it, John? What's the matter? John Merrick: It's just that I-I'm not used to being treated so well by a beautiful woman...

§The Elephant Man ¤ John Merrick: My life is full because I know I am loved.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Carr Gomm: Can you imagine the kind of life he must have had? Dr. Frederick Treves: Yes, I think I can. Carr Gomm: I don't think so. No one could possibly imagine it! I don't believe any of us can!

§The Elephant Man ¤ Mrs. Kendal: Why, Mr. Merrick, you're not an elephant man at all. John Merrick: Oh no? Mrs. Kendal: Oh no... no... you're a Romeo.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Mothershead: Sir! I don't quite... I don't quite understand why it is you allow that sort of people in there. Dr. Frederick Treves: Why? Because he enjoys it, and I think it's very good for him. Mothershead: Yes, but, sir, you saw the expression on their faces. They didn't hide their disgust. They don't care anything about John! They only want to impress their friends! Dr. Frederick Treves: I think you're being rather harsh on them, don't you, Mrs. Mothershead? Mothershead: I beg your pardon! Dr. Frederick Treves: You yourself hardly showed him much loving kindness when he first arrived, did you? Mothershead: I bathed him, I fed him, and I cleaned up after him, didn't I? And I see that my nurses do the same. And if loving kindness can be called care and practical concern, then I did show him loving kindness, and I am not ashamed to admit it!

§The Elephant Man ¤ Night Porter: [to Treves] Only Mothershead can sack me now. [unknown to the night porter, Mothershead is behind him, she who proceeds to clobber him over the head, rendering him unconscious] Mothershead: [in a satisfied voice] Done!

§The Elephant Man ¤ Dr. Fox: Have you ever mentioned his mental state? Dr. Frederick Treves: Oh, he's an imbecile, probably from birth. Man's a complete idiot... Pray to God he's an idiot.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Plumed Dwarf: Luck, my friend, luck. Who needs it more than we?

§The Elephant Man ¤ John Merrick: There's something I've been meaning to ask you for some time now. Dr. Frederick Treves: What's that? John Merrick: Can you cure me? Dr. Frederick Treves: No. We can care for you, but we can't cure you. John Merrick: [matter-of-factly] No. I thought not.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Dr. Frederick Treves: Am I a good man? Or a bad man? That's all...

§The Elephant Man ¤ John Merrick: [haltingly] Hello... my name is... John Merrick.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Dr. Frederick Treves: [Upon seeing Bytes] How did you get up here? Bytes: I want my man back. Dr. Frederick Treves: Just a moment, how did you get up... Bytes: Never mind that. I want my man. Dr. Frederick Treves: He's still very sick. Now please, come downstairs with me and I will explain the situation. Bytes: DON'T! Don't. You've had plenty of time to... cure him. And now, he's leaving with me. Do you understand me now Mr. Treves? We made a deal. Dr. Frederick Treves: You misunderstood. This man has suffered a severe fall if you take my meaning. Now, he's my patient now. Bytes: Pull the other one, why don't you. Dr. Frederick Treves: Mr. Bytes I'm sorry, but all you do is profit from another man's misery. Bytes: [Grabs Treves' lapel] You think you're better than me? Dr. Frederick Treves: No... Bytes: You wanted the freak, to show to those doctor chums of yours to make a name for yourself. You my friend, I gave you the freak, on trust, in the name of science, and now I want him back! Dr. Frederick Treves: You do not own this man. Now STOP IT! Bytes: I want him back. Dr. Frederick Treves: So you could beat him! So you could starve him! A dog in the streets would fare better with you! Bytes: I shall go to the authorities. Carr Gomm: [Speaking to Bytes] Go to the authorities then. Go to them by all means. I'm sure they would be very interested to hear your story as well as ours Dr. Frederick Treves: [Speaking to Bytes] Now, I really do think we understand one another. Hm?

§The Elephant Man ¤ Mothershead: If you ask me, people are laughing at him all over again.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Dr. Frederick Treves: Abominable things these machines - you can't reason with them,

§The Elephant Man ¤ Bytes: Life!... is full of surprises. Consider the fate of this creature's poor mother, struck down in the fourth month of her maternal condition by an elephant, a wild elephant. Struck down!... on an uncharted African isle. The result is plain to see... Ladies and gentlemen... The terrible... Elephant... Man...

§The Elephant Man ¤ [first lines] Skeleton Man: Get rid of them! I don't want to see them! Fat Lady: Darling, don't be difficult! Let's take our sweet lovely children on an outing.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Dr. Frederick Treves: Because of the extensive area covered by papillomatus growths, the patient has been called "The Elephant Man".

§The Elephant Man ¤ John Merrick: The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He maketh me... [he continues alone in the room] Carr Gomm: [outside of the room] It was a brave attempt, Treves, but the man was obviously simply mouthing words taught by you. Dr. Frederick Treves: Yes. Well, I'm sorry to have wasted your time. John Merrick: He restoreth my soul... Carr Gomm: He simply doesn't belong here. He'd be much better off somewhere else where he can be constantly looked after. I'm sorry, Treves, that things have turned out this way. Good day to you. John Merrick: Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil, for Thou art with me, Thy rod and Thy staff... Dr. Frederick Treves: Mr. Carr Gomm! Carr Gomm: Yes, what is it? Dr. Frederick Treves: It's that. I didn't teach him that part. [the two reenter the room] John Merrick: My cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.

§The Elephant Man ¤ Bytes: He's the greatest Freak in the World...

§The Elephant Man ¤ Bytes' Boy: [Bytes is lashing Joseph] Bytes! No!

§Chinatown ¤ [last lines] Walsh: Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown.

§Chinatown ¤ [an anonymous caller has telephoned Gittes] Ida Sessions: Are you alone? Jake Gittes: Isn't everybody?

§Chinatown ¤ Loach: What happened to your nose, Gittes? Somebody slammed a bedroom window on it? Jake Gittes: Nope. Your wife got excited. She crossed her legs a little too quick. You understand what I mean, pal?

§Chinatown ¤ Morty: Isn't that something? Middle of a drought and the water commissioner drowns. Only in L.A.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: How much are you worth? Noah Cross: I have no idea. How much do you want? Jake Gittes: I just wanna know what you're worth. More than 10 million? Noah Cross: Oh my, yes! Jake Gittes: Why are you doing it? How much better can you eat? What could you buy that you can't already afford? Noah Cross: The future, Mr. Gittes! The future. Now, where's the girl? I want the only daughter I've got left. As you found out, Evelyn was lost to me a long time ago. Jake Gittes: Who do you blame for that? Her? Noah Cross: I don't blame myself. You see, Mr. Gittes, most people never have to face the fact that at the right time and the right place, they're capable of ANYTHING.

§Chinatown ¤ Evelyn Mulwray: Tell me, Mr. Gittes: Does this often happen to you? Jake Gittes: What's that? Evelyn Mulwray: Well, I'm judging only on the basis of one afternoon and an evening, but, uh, if this is how you go about your work, I'd say you'd be lucky to, uh, get through a whole day. Jake Gittes: Actually, this hasn't happened to me for a long time. Evelyn Mulwray: When was the last time? Jake Gittes: Why? Evelyn Mulwray: It's an innocent question. Jake Gittes: In Chinatown. Evelyn Mulwray: What were you doing there? Jake Gittes: Working for the District Attorney. Evelyn Mulwray: Doing what? Jake Gittes: As little as possible. Evelyn Mulwray: The District Attorney gives his men advice like that? Jake Gittes: They do in Chinatown.

§Chinatown ¤ Evelyn Mulwray: She's my daughter. [Gittes slaps Evelyn] Jake Gittes: I said I want the truth! Evelyn Mulwray: She's my sister... [slap] Evelyn Mulwray: She's my daughter... [slap] Evelyn Mulwray: My sister, my daughter. [More slaps] Jake Gittes: I said I want the truth! Evelyn Mulwray: She's my sister AND my daughter!

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: But, Mrs. Mulwray, I goddamn near lost my nose. And I like it. I like breathing through it. And I still think you're hiding something.

§Chinatown ¤ Man with Knife: You're a very nosy fellow, kitty cat. Huh? You know what happens to nosy fellows? Huh? No? Wanna guess? Huh? No? Okay. They lose their noses. [slashes Jake's nose] Man with Knife: Next time you lose the whole thing. Cut it off and feed it to my goldfish.

§Chinatown ¤ Lt. Escobar: How'd you get past the guard? Jake Gittes: Well, to tell you the truth, I lied a little.

§Chinatown ¤ Yelburton: My goodness, what happened to your nose? Jake Gittes: I cut myself shaving. Yelburton: You ought to be more careful. That must really smart. Jake Gittes: Only when I breathe.

§Chinatown ¤ Evelyn Mulwray: Hollis seems to think you're an innocent man. Jake Gittes: Well, I've been accused of a lot of things before, Mrs. Mulwray, but never that.

§Chinatown ¤ [Gittes pretends to seek a nursing home for his father] Jake Gittes: Do you accept people of the Jewish persuasion? Mr. Palmer: I'm sorry, we do not. Jake Gittes: Don't apologize - neither does Dad.

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: Exactly what do you know about me? Sit down. Jake Gittes: Mainly that you're rich, too respectable to want your name in the newspapers. Noah Cross: Of course I'm respectable. I'm old! Politicians, ugly buildings and whores all get respectable if they last long enough.

§Chinatown ¤ Yelburton: After you've worked with a man a certain length of time, you come to know his habits, his values - you come to know him - and either he's the kind who chases after women or he isn't. Jake Gittes: Mulwray isn't? Yelburton: He never even kids about it. Jake Gittes: Well, maybe he takes it very seriously.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: What can I tell you, kid? You're right. When you're right, you're right, and you're right.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: So there's this guy Walsh, do you understand? He's tired of screwin' his wife... So his friend says to him, "Hey, why don't you do it like the Chinese do?" So he says, "How do the Chinese do it?" And the guy says, "Well, the Chinese, first they screw a little bit, then they stop, then they go and read a little Confucius, come back, screw a little bit more, then they stop again, go and they screw a little bit... then they go back and they screw a little bit more and then they go out and they contemplate the moon or something like that. Makes it more exciting." So now, the guy goes home and he starts screwin' his own wife, see. So he screws her for a little bit and then he stops, and he goes out of the room and reads Life Magazine. Then he goes back in, he starts screwin' again. He says, "Excuse me for a minute, honey." He goes out and he smokes a cigarette. Now his wife is gettin' sore as hell. He comes back in the room, he starts screwin' again. He gets up to start to leave again to go look at the moon. She looks at him and says, "Hey, what's the matter with ya? You're screwin' just like a Chinaman!" [laughs hysterically]

§Chinatown ¤ Lt. Escobar: You must really think I'm stupid, don't you, Gittes. Jake Gittes: I don't think about it that much, but gimme a day or two and I'll get back to yuh. Now I'd like to go home. Lt. Escobar: I want the other pictures, Gittes. Jake Gittes: What pictures? Lt. Escobar: THIS broad hired you, not Evelyn Mulwray. Jake Gittes: Yeah? Lt. Escobar: Yeah. Somebody wanted to shake Mulwray down; she hired you. That's how come you found out he was murdered. Jake Gittes: I heard it was an accident. Lt. Escobar: C'mon, Gittes. The hell d'you think you're dealing with? A bunch of assholes? Mulwray had salt water in his lungs. You were following him day and night; you SAW who killed him. You even took pictures of it. It was Evelyn Mulwray, and she's been payin' you off like a slot machine ever since. Jake Gittes: You accusin' me of extortion? Lt. Escobar: Absolutely! Jake Gittes: I don't think I need a day or two; you're dumber than you think I think y'are.

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: You may think you know what you're dealing with, but, believe me, you don't. [Gittes grins] Noah Cross: Why is that funny? Jake Gittes: That's what the District Attorney used to tell me in Chinatown.

§Chinatown ¤ [Evelyn Mulwray drives while Gittes reads an obituary from the newspaper] Jake Gittes: A memorial service was held at the Mar Vista Inn today for Jasper Lamar Crabb. He passed away two weeks ago. Evelyn Mulwray: Why is that unusual? Jake Gittes: He passed away two weeks ago and one week ago he bought the land. That's unusual.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Mulvihill! What are you doing here? Mulvihill: They shut my water off. What's it to you? Jake Gittes: How'd you find out about it? You don't drink it; you don't take a bath in it... They wrote you a letter. But then you have to be able to read.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Maid's night off? Evelyn Mulwray: Why? Jake Gittes: What do you mean, why? Nobody's here, that's why. Evelyn Mulwray: I gave everyone the night off. Jake Gittes: Easy. It's an innocent question. Evelyn Mulwray: No question from you is innocent, Mr. Gittes. Jake Gittes: I guess you're right.

§Chinatown ¤ [first lines] Jake Gittes: All right, Curly. Enough's enough. You can't eat the Venetian blinds. I just had them installed on Wednesday.

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: Katherine! I, I'm your grandfather, my dear. I'm your grandfather. Evelyn Mulwray: [pushes Katherine into the car] Katherine, get in the car. [to her butler] Evelyn Mulwray: Go on. No no, go on. [to Curly] Evelyn Mulwray: I'll follow you. [to her father] Evelyn Mulwray: Get away from her! Get away. Noah Cross: Evelyn, please, please be reasonable. [to Katherine] Noah Cross: Come to my... Evelyn Mulwray: [pushes her father away] Get AWAY from her! Noah Cross: Evelyn! How many years have I got? She's mine, too. Evelyn Mulwray: She's never going to know that. [pulls a gun on him]

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: May I speak frankly, Mrs. Mulwray. Evelyn Mulwray: You may if you can, Mr. Gittes.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Evelyn, put that gun away. Let the police handle this. Evelyn Mulwray: He owns the police!

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Hello, Claude. Where'd you get the midget?

§Chinatown ¤ Lt. Escobar: [pointing to a graffito on the wall] Isn't that your phone number? Jake Gittes: Is it? I forget. I don't call myself that often.

§Chinatown ¤ Mulwray's Gardener: [in heavy Japanese accent, referring to the grass] Bad for glass. Jake Gittes: Yeah, sure. Bad for the glass.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Mulvihlll, what are you doing here? Mulvihill: They shut my water off, what's it to you? Jake Gittes: How'd you find out? You don't drink it, you don't take a bath in it, maybe they sent you a letter. Ah, but then you'd have to be able to read. Relax, Mulvihill, glad to see you. Jake Gittes: [to YELBURTON] Do you know Claude Mulvihill here? Yelburton: I hope so. He's working for us. Jake Gittes: Doing what? Yelburton: Well frankly, there's been some threats to blow up the city reservoirs. Jake Gittes: Any particular reason? Yelburton: Well, it's this darn drought. We've had to ration water in the valley and the farmers are desperate. But what can we do? The city needs drinking water. Jake Gittes: Well, you're in luck, Mr. Yelburton. Yelburton: How's that? Jake Gittes: When Mulvihill here was sheriff of Ventura County the rum runners landed hundreds of tons of booze on the beach and never lost a drop. He ought a be able to hold on to your water for ya.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: There's no point in getting tough with me. I'm just... Evelyn Mulwray: I don't get tough with anyone, Mr. Gittes. My lawyer does.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Have you ever heard the expression "Let sleeping dogs lie"? Sometimes you're better off not knowing.

§Chinatown ¤ [a woman identifying herself as Evelyn Mulwray is hiring Gittes] Jake Gittes: What makes you certain that your husband is, um, involved with someone? Mrs. Mulwray: A wife can tell. Jake Gittes: Mrs. Mulwray, do you love your husband? Mrs. Mulwray: Yes, of course. Jake Gittes: Then go home and forget everything.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: He's rich! Do you understand? He thinks he can get away with anything.

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: Well, Mr. Gittes, you don't look too much the worse for wear, I must say! Now where's the girl? Jake Gittes: I've got her. Noah Cross: Is she all right? Jake Gittes: She's fine. Noah Cross: Well, where is she? Jake Gittes: With her mother.

§Chinatown ¤ [Lunch is served; it's fish] Noah Cross: I hope you don't mind. I believe they should be served with the head. Jake Gittes: Fine... long as you don't serve the chicken that way.

§Chinatown ¤ [Evelyn Mulwray and Gittes in her bathroom] Jake Gittes: There's something black in the green part of your eye. Evelyn Mulwray: Oh, that. It's a... it's a flaw in the iris. Jake Gittes: Flaw? Evelyn Mulwray: Yes, it's a sort of birthmark.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Let me explain something to you, Walsh. This business requires a certain amount of finesse.

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: Either you bring the water to L.A. or you bring L.A. to the water.

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: You've got a nasty reputation, Mr. Gittes. I like that.

§Chinatown ¤ Evelyn Mulwray: I see you like publicity, Mr. Gittes. Well, you're going to get it.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Son of a bitch! Goddamn Florsheim shoe!

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: Who's the investigating officer? Jake Gittes: Lou Escobar -- he's a Lieutenant. Noah Cross: Do you know him? Jake Gittes: Oh, yeah. Noah Cross: Where from? Jake Gittes: We used to work together - in Chinatown. Noah Cross: Would you call him a capable man? Jake Gittes: Very. Noah Cross: Honest? Jake Gittes: As far as it goes; of course, he has to swim in the same water we all do.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: How do you like them apples?

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Look, I do matrimonial work, It's my metiay. When a wife tells me that she's happy her husband is cheating on her, it runs contrary to my experience. Evelyn Mulwray: Unless what? Jake Gittes: She was cheating on him.

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: Look, you sue me, your husband dies, you drop the lawsuit like a hot potato, and all of it quicker than wind from a duck's ass - excuse me. Then you ask me to lie to the police. Evelyn Mulwray: It wasn't much of a lie. Jake Gittes: If your husband was killed it was.

§Chinatown ¤ Noah Cross: It disturbs me. It makes me think you're taking my daughter for a ride - financially speaking, of course. What are you charging her? Jake Gittes: My usual fee - plus a bonus if I get results. Noah Cross: Are you - sleeping with her? Come, come, Mr. Gittes, you don't have to think about that to remember, do you? Jake Gittes: If you want an answer to that question, Mr. Cross, I'll put one of my men on the job.

§Chinatown ¤ Farmer in the Valley: Mulwray? That's the son of a bitch who's done it to us. Jake Gittes: Mulwray's dead. You don't know what you're talking about, you dumb Okie.

§Chinatown ¤ [Evelyn Mulwray has just been killed] Lt. Escobar: Go home, Jake. I'm doing you a favor!

§Chinatown ¤ Jake Gittes: What the hell is going on here, Lou? Lt. Escobar: I don't know. What's going on? What's happening with you?

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: I feel terrible, like there's a weight on my chest. Young Sophie: A heart's a heavy burden.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: Let's run! Don't fight them, Howl! Howl: Sorry, I've had enough of running away, Sophie. Now I've got something I want to protect. It's you.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: A battleship? Howl: On its way to burn cities and people. Old Sophie: The enemy's? Ours? Howl: What difference does it make?

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [after Sofi puts a pan and bacon on Calcifer] Calcifer: Here's another curse for you - may all your bacon burn.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't torment my friend.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: Wow, Sophie, your hair looks just like starlight. It's beautiful. Young Sophie: You think so? So do I! [hugs Howl]

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [Two soldiers are bothering Sophie] Howl: There you are, sweetheart, sorry I'm late. I was looking everywhere for you. Soldier: Hey, hey! We're busy here! Howl: Are you really? To me, it looked like the two of you were just leaving. [gestures with his hand, the soldiers are forced to march away]

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: This war is terrible, they bomb from the southern coast to the northern border. It's all in flames now. Calcifer: I can't stand the fire and gunpowder. Those dopey guys have absolutely no manners. Howl: My own kind attacked me today. Calcifer: Who? The Witch of the Wastes? Howl: No, some hack wizards who turned themselves into monsters for the king. Calcifer: Those wizards are going to regret doing that. They'll never change back into humans. Howl: After the war, they won't recall they ever were human.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: All right Calcifer, let's get cooking. Calcifer: I don't cook! I'm a scary and powerful fire demon!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [Howl comes running out of the bathroom, screaming. His hair is now orange] Howl: Sophie! You, you sabotaged me! Look! Look at what you've done to my hair! Look! Old Sophie: What a pretty color. Howl: It's hideous! You completely ruined my magic potions in the bathroom! Old Sophie: I just organized things, Howl. Nothing's ruined. Howl: Wrong! Wrong! I specifically ordered you not to get carried away! [tragically] Howl: Now I'm repulsive. [slumps into a chair] Howl: I can't live like this. [starts sobbing, head in hands] Old Sophie: Come on, it's not that bad. [Howl's hair changes color to purple, then black] Old Sophie: You should look at it now, its shade is even better. Howl: [inconsolable] I give up. I see no point in living if I can't be beautiful.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: I wonder what Howl disguised himself as? Surely not a crow. Can't be a pigeon, he's too flamboyant for that. [a glider plane with a giggling young woman and her lover flies overhead] Old Sophie: That could be him.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: So you are going away. Please, Howl. I know I can be of help to you, even though I'm not pretty and all I'm good at is cleaning. Howl: Sophie! Sophie! You're beautiful! Old Sophie: Well, the nice thing about being old is you've got nothing much to lose.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: They say that the best blaze burns brightest when circumstances are at their worst. Calcifer: Yeah, but no one really believes that. Come on, let's be honest.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: You're wearing that hat? After all the magic I used to make your dress pretty?

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: It was a pleasure meeting you, even if you are my least favorite vegetable! Take care, Turniphead!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: When you're old, all you want to do is stare at the scenery. It's so strange. I've never felt so peaceful before.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [walks up to the scarecrow] Howl: Looks like we have another addition to the family. Hmmm, you've got quite a nasty spell on you too, huh? Seems everyone in this family's got problems.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Markl: Wait! You can't come up here! Old Sophie: Whatever you don't want me to clean, better hide it now! Markl: Save my room for last, OK?

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: The Witch of the Waste and Madame Suliman's dog at my table? What possessed you to let them in my house? Calcifer: I didn't let them in here! Sophie crash landed her plane into my face! Howl: [laughs] Old Sophie: Hmph! Howl: I knew she'd make a great pilot!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Witch of the Waste: It looks like your true love is in love with someone else!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: [Quietly amused] Calcifer? You're being so obedient. Calcifer: Not on purpose! She bullied me! Howl: Not just anybody can do that. [Looks at Sophie] Howl: And you are... who? Old Sophie: Er, you can just call me Grandma Sophie. I'm your new cleaning lady. I just started work today.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: It's... you're scaring me. I have this weird feeling you're going to leave. Howl, tell me what's going on! Please. I don't care if you're a monster. Howl: I'm just setting things up so all of you can live a comfortable life, Sophie.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: Why do you get so cold when you're old? I'm fatter than ever and yet the wind blows right through me!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: What a dump. When I think of castles, it's not what I picture.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: So what do you have in your pocket, Sophie? Old Sophie: Huh? [Finds a folded piece of paper] Old Sophie: What is this? Howl: Give it to me. [paper burns leaving marks on the table] Markl: Scorch marks! Howl, can you read them? Howl: That is ancient sorcery, and quite powerful too. Markl: Is it from the Witch of the Waste? Howl: "You who swallowed a falling star, o' heartless man, your heart shall soon be mine." That can't be good for the table. [covers the marks with his hand] Markl: Wow! It's gone! Howl: The mark may be gone, but the spell is still there.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: Calcifer, move the castle sixty miles west. [walks away] Howl: And while you're at it, make hot water for my bath. Calcifer: Fine, like moving the castle isn't hard enough!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: I can't do this! Why'd you make me come here if you were coming yourself? Howl: Knowing you'd be there gave me the courage to show up. That woman terrifies me. I can't face her on my own. You saved me, Sophie. I was in big trouble back there.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: It's all so familiar yet I know I've never been here before. I feel so at home.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [in the secret garden] Old Sophie: Did you use your magic to make this? Howl: Only a little, just to help the flowers grow.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: I know where I am! I'm in Howl's childhood! Howl: [Howl catches one of the falling stars, talks to it, then puts it in his mouth and swallows. He bends over, as if in pain, and then draws Calcifer out of his chest] Young Sophie: Howl! Calcier! I know how to help you now! Find me in the future!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Markl: [Shadows begin to creep from walls] He's calling the spirits of darkness... I saw him do this once before when a girl dumped him!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: You didn't have to come back, Calcifer. Calcifer: Yeah, I kinda missed you guys, and it looks like it's gonna rain. Young Sophie: I missed you too, Calcifer.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [to Howl] Calcifer: You shouldn't keep flying around like that. Soon you won't be able to turn back into a human.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: Don't be alarmed, but I'm being followed. Act normal.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [to Sophie] Howl: See that new color on the dial? There's a new portal. It's a present for you. Come see.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [repeated line] Witch of the Waste: Oh, what a pretty fire.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: Calcifer. Calcifer: Sophie, I'm so tired. Young Sophie: If I give Howl back his heart, what will happen to you? Calcifer: I'll be okay if you do it, I think. I mean, you dumped water on me and Howl and we both survived. Young Sophie: I'd better try then.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [Sophie removes Calcifer from the hearth] Calcifer: No, no, no! Don't do this! Help! Help! Crazy lady with the shovel! If you kick me out that door, the castle could collapse! Young Sophie: Good!

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: Are you the one moving this castle? Calcifer: Of course I am! No one else does any work around here.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ [puts a ring on Sophie's finger] Howl: This charm will guarantee your safe return. Don't worry, I'll follow behind you in disguise. Now off you go.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: Howl, why is the Witch of the Wastes trying to hunt you down? Howl: She was once quite beautiful, so I decided to pursue her, then I realized she wasn't, so then, as usual, I ran away.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Old Sophie: Do you know what Madame Suliman said? She said that Howl's heart was stolen by a demon. Tell me now, what do you know? Calcifer: I'm so sorry but that would be confidential information.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: Sorry, it looks like you're involved.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Letti: Wow! He must have been a wizard then. Young Sophie: But he was so kind to me. He rescued me, Letti. Letti: Of course he did, he was trying to steal your heart. You were so lucky Sophie, if that wizard were Howl, he would have eaten it. Young Sophie: No he wouldn't, Howl only does that to beautiful girls.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Witch of the Waste: The best part of that spell is that you can't tell anyone about it. My regards to Howl.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Honey: You sound ghastly, like some 90-year-old woman.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Witch of the Waste: What a tacky little hat shop. I've never seen such tacky little hats. Yet you are by far the tackiest thing here.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Young Sophie: [Approaches the Witch of the Waste while she tries to hide Howl's heart] Howl needs that back now. Witch of the Waste: Don't look at me, I don't have it, I don't know what you're talking about. Young Sophie: [hugs her] Please give it back. Witch of the Waste: You really want it that badly? Young Sophie: [on the verge of crying] Yes. Witch of the Waste: Alright then, you'd better take good care of it. Young Sophie: Okay. Witch of the Waste: [hands her Howl's heart] Here, dear. Young Sophie: Thank you, you have a big heart! [kisses her]

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Letti: What's going on? Someone just told me you floated down into our balcony! Young Sophie: So that did happen, it wasn't a dream.

§Howl's Moving Castle ¤ Howl: I've got it! Why don't you go to the palace for me? Old Sophie: Huh? Howl: Just say that you're Pendragon's mother and that your son is such a cowardly wizard he's too afraid to show his face. Maybe then Madame Suliman will finally give up on me.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: How do you go about writing a detective story? Mark Halliday: Well, you forget detection and concentrate on crime. Crime's the thing. And then you imagine you're going to steal something or murder somebody. Tony Wendice: Oh, is that how you do it? It's interesting. Mark Halliday: Yes, I usually put myself in the criminal's shoes and then I keep asking myself, uh, what do I do next? Margot Mary Wendice: Do you really believe in the perfect murder? Mark Halliday: Mmm, yes, absolutely. On paper, that is. And I think I could, uh, plan one better than most people; but I doubt if I could carry it out. Tony Wendice: Oh? Why not? Mark Halliday: Well, because in stories things usually turn out the way the author wants them to; and in real life they don't... always. Tony Wendice: Hmm. Mark Halliday: No, I'm afraid my murders would be something like my bridge: I'd make some stupid mistake and never realize it until I found everybody was looking at me.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: It's funny to think that just a year ago, I sat in that Knightsbridge Pub actually planning to murder her. And I might have done it, if I hadn't seen something that changed my mind. C.A. Swan: Well? What did you see? Tony Wendice: I saw you.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: [to Mark] People don't commit murder on credit.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ [last lines] Tony Wendice: As you said Mark, it might work out on paper, but congratulations, Inspector. Oh, by the way... How about you, Margot? Margot Mary Wendice: Yes, I could do with something. Tony Wendice: Mark? Mark Halliday: So could I. Tony Wendice: I suppose you're still on duty, Inspector.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: By the way does Mrs. Van Dorn know about "Mr. Adams" or "Mr. Wilson" and Miss Wallace? You were planning to marry Mrs. Van Dorn, weren't you? C.A. Swan: Smart, aren't you? Tony Wendice: No, not really. I've just had time to think things out. Put myself in your position. That's why I know you're going to agree. C.A. Swan: What makes you think I'll agree? Tony Wendice: For the same reason that a donkey with a stick behind him and a carrot in front always goes forwards and not backwards. C.A. Swan: Tell me about the carrot.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Margot Mary Wendice: Anyone would have realized he was dead. Just one look at those staring eyes... Chief Insp. Hubbard: So you did see his face, after all. Margot Mary Wendice: I saw his eyes! I can't remember his face!

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Chief Insp. Hubbard: [Detective Pearson is about to leave with Mrs. Wendice's small purse around his wrist] Oh, wait a minute, you clot; you can't walk down the street like that - you, you'll be arrested!

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Mark Halliday: What is all this? Chief Insp. Hubbard: They talk about flat-footed policemen. May the saints protect us from the gifted amateur.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: At exactly three minutes to eleven, you'll enter the house through the street door. You'll find the key to this door under the stair carpet here. C.A. Swan: The fifth step? Tony Wendice: That's the one. Go straight to the window, and hide behind the curtains. At exactly eleven o'clock, I shall go to the telephone in the hotel to call my boss. I shall dial the wrong number. This number. That's all I shall do.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Margot Mary Wendice: How long have you known this? Chief Insp. Hubbard: Did you suspect it yourself? Margot Mary Wendice: No, never. And yet... What's the matter with me, Mark? I don't seem able to feel anything.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ C.A. Swan: [looking at an old photograph] Well, that's the first and last reunion I ever went to. What a murderous thug I look. Tony Wendice: Yes, you do, rather.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Margot Mary Wendice: Why did you bring me here? Chief Insp. Hubbard: Because you were the only other person who could possibly have left that key outside. I had to find out if you knew it was there. Margot Mary Wendice: Suppose I had known? Chief Insp. Hubbard: You didn't.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ C.A. Swan: [referring to the bribe money Tony is offering him to kill Margot] You know the police would only have to trace one of these notes back to you to hang us both from the same rope? Tony Wendice: They won't. For a whole year I've been cashing an extra twenty pounds a week, always in fivers. I then change them for those at my leisure. C.A. Swan: Let me see your bank statement. Tony Wendice: By all means. Don't touch. [Tony opens up his checkbook for Swan, so as not to leave fingerprints] C.A. Swan: [as he reads] Turn back a page. [Tony complies] C.A. Swan: Ah, your balance has dropped by over a thousand pounds during the year. Suppose the police ask you about that? Tony Wendice: I go dog-racing twice a week. C.A. Swan: They'll check your bookmaker! Tony Wendice: Like you, I always bet on the "Tote." Satisfied?

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Chief Insp. Hubbard: Sooner or later, he'll come back here. As I've pinched his latch key, he'll try the one in the handbag. When that doesn't fit, he'll realize his mistake, put two and two together, and look under the stair carpet. Mark Halliday: If he doesn't do that, all of this is pure guess work. We can't prove a thing. Chief Insp. Hubbard: That's perfectly true. But once he opens that door, we shall know everything.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Mark Halliday: When did you find out, sir? Chief Insp. Hubbard: Well, the first clue came quite by accident. [to Margot] Chief Insp. Hubbard: We discovered that your husband had been spending a large number of pound notes all over the place - it ran into over three hundred pounds - and it appeared to have started at about the time you were arrested. Now, I had to find out where he got that money, and how. Then I remembered that after you were arrested we searched this flat, and I saw a copy of his bank statement in that desk. So yesterday afternoon, I went to the prison and asked to see your handbag. While I was doing this, I managed to lift your latchkey. Highly irregular, of course, but my blood was up. And then this morning when your husband was out, I came back here to look at his statement. I never saw it... because I never got through that door. You see, the key that I'd taken from your handbag didn't fit the lock!

§Dial M for Murder ¤ C.A. Swan: You know, I think I must have seen you somewhere since we left Cambridge. Tony Wendice: Ever been to Wimbledon? C.A. Swan: That's it! Wendice. Tony Wendice. What's all this about "Fisher"? Tony Wendice: What's all this about "Lesgate"? [embarrassed, Swan doesn't respond] Tony Wendice: Would you like a cigar?

§Dial M for Murder ¤ [first lines] Margot Mary Wendice: let me get you another drink. Mark, before Tony comes I ought to explain something. Mark Halliday: Yes, I've been waiting for that. Margot Mary Wendice: I haven't told him anything about us.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Margot Mary Wendice: Don't make me stay home. You know how I hate doing nothing. Tony Wendice: Doing nothing? Why there are hundreds of things you can do. Have you written to Peggy, thanking her for the weekend? And what about those clippings? It's an ideal opportunity. Margot Mary Wendice: Well I like that. You two go gallivanting while I stay home and do those boring clippings.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ C.A. Swan: Where's the nearest police station? Tony Wendice: Opposite the church, two minutes walk. C.A. Swan: Suppose I walk there now. Tony Wendice: What would you tell them? C.A. Swan: Everything. Tony Wendice: Everything? All about "Mr. Adams" and "Mr. Wilson"? C.A. Swan: I should simply tell them that you're trying to blackmail me into... Tony Wendice: ...Into? C.A. Swan: ...murdering your wife. Tony Wendice: [chuckles] I almost wish you would. When she heard that we'd have the biggest laugh of our lives. C.A. Swan: Aren't you forgetting something? Tony Wendice: Am I? C.A. Swan: You've told me quite a lot tonight. Tony Wendice: [scoffs] What of it? C.A. Swan: Suppose I tell them how you followed her to that studio in Chelsea and watched them cooking spaghetti and all that rubbish. Wouldn't that ring a bell? Tony Wendice: Oh, it certainly would. They'd assume you followed her there yourself. C.A. Swan: Me? Why should I? Tony Wendice: Why should you steal her handbag? Why should you write her all those blackmail notes? Can you prove you didn't? You certainly can't prove I did. It'll be a straight case of your word against mine. C.A. Swan: That'd puzzle them, wouldn't it? What could you say? Tony Wendice: I should simply say that you came here tonight, half-drunk, and tried to borrow money on the strength that we were at college together. When I refused, you mentioned something about a letter belonging to my wife. As far as I could make out, you were trying to sell it to me. I gave you what money I had, and you gave me the letter. It has your fingerprints on it, remember? Then you said if I went to the police you'd tell some crazy story about my wanting you to murder my wife. Before you go any further, old boy, do consider the inconvenience. You see, I'm quite well known, and there'd be pictures of you as well. And sooner or later there'd be a deputation of landladies and lodgers who would step forward and testify as to your character. And someone is almost certain to have seen you with Miss Wallace. You were careful not to be seen around with her, I noticed. You usually met in out-of-the-way places where you wouldn't be recognized.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ C.A. Swan: When would this take place? Tony Wendice: Tomorrow night. C.A. Swan: Tomorrow? Not a chance! I've got to think this over. Tony Wendice: It has to be tomorrow. I've arranged things that way. C.A. Swan: Where? Tony Wendice: Approximately where you're standing now.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: Would any of you fellows have the right time? Men's Club party member: Yes, I have. It's seven minutes past eleven. Mark Halliday: I make it only just after that. Tony Wendice: My watch has stopped. I must have over wound it. Men's Club party member: So, as I was saying... Tony Wendice: Excuse me, old boy, I have to call my boss.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: What makes you think he came in by this door? Chief Insp. Hubbard: His shoes. Tony Wendice: His shoes? Chief Insp. Hubbard: The ground was soaking wet last night. If he'd come in by the garden, he'd have left mud all over the carpet. As it is, he didn't leave any marks at all, because he wiped his shoes on the front doormat. Tony Wendice: How can you tell? Chief Insp. Hubbard: It's a fairly new mat, and some of its fibers came off on his shoes. Tony Wendice: Oh, but surely... Chief Insp. Hubbard: And there was a small tar stain on the mat, and some of the fibers show that as well. There is no question about it.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Chief Insp. Hubbard: There is evidence however that he was blackmailing you. Tony Wendice: Blackmail? Mark Halliday: Yes, I'm afraid it's true, Tony. Chief Insp. Hubbard: And you suggest that he came in by the window. And we know that he came in by that door. Margot Mary Wendice: But he can't have come in that way. That door was locked. And there are only two keys. My husband had his with him, and mine was in my handbag. Here. Chief Insp. Hubbard: You could have let him in.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: [on the phone to a lawyer] We had a burglary last night, and Margot was attacked. No, she's all right. But the man was killed, and the police are here now. And don't laugh... they're suggesting that Margot killed him intentionally! Chief Insp. Hubbard: [interrupting Tony] I wouldn't say that if I were you, sir.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: I became curious to know you that I followed you. I followed you home that night And I've been following you ever since. C.A. Swan: Why? Tony Wendice: Well, I was hoping that sooner or later I might catch you at something and be able to, ah... C.A. Swan: Blackmail me? Tony Wendice: Influence you. After a few weeks, I got to know your routine. That that made it a lot easier. C.A. Swan: Wasn't that dull work? Following me around in your spare time? Tony Wendice: To begin with... yes. But you know how it is. It's like a hobby. Once you take up a hobby, the more interesting and fascinating it becomes. You became quite fascinating. They were time that I felt you almost belonged to me. C.A. Swan: That must have been interesting.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Mark Halliday: [to Margot] Darling, I understand now, but that doesn't stop me from loving you.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: [on the phone with Margot] I'm so glad we don't have to go to Maureen's; she's such a filthy cook.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Chief Insp. Hubbard: [to Mark and Margot] Mind you, even I didn't guess that at once... extraordinary.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: [concerned tone; into the phone] Oh, by the way, will you be bringing the car with you? C.A. Swan: [on the phone] Uh... I'm afraid I can't tonight, it's... Tony Wendice: [relieved tone; into the phone] That doesn't matter. I had a good look at it anyway. Oh, you might want to bring the registration book and any necessary papers. C.A. Swan: [on the phone] Yes, of course. Tony Wendice: [on the phone] I don't see why we can't settle this whole thing here and now, provided you drop the price. C.A. Swan: [on the phone] I'm afraid that's quite out of the question. Tony Wendice: [on the phone] Well, we'll see what a couple of drinks can do. Goodbye. C.A. Swan: [on the phone] Goodbye.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ C.A. Swan: Just a minute. I'm supposed to have come in through these windows. Suppose they'd been locked? Tony Wendice: It wouldn't matter. You see, she often takes a walk around the garden before she goes to bed, and she usually forgets to lock up when she gets back. That's what I shall tell the police. C.A. Swan: Yes, but she may say that... Tony Wendice: But she isn't going to say anything, is she?

§Dial M for Murder ¤ C.A. Swan: By the way, how do you know my car is for sale? Tony Wendice: The mechanic at your garage told me. C.A. Swan: That's odd. I don't think I mentioned it to anyone there. Tony Wendice: Well, I stopped there one day for a fill up and told him that I was looking for a new American car to buy and he gave me your phone number. It is for sale, isn't it? C.A. Swan: Yes, of course. Tony Wendice: Well, I refuse to discuss the price until you've had at least three brandies. C.A. Swan: Hey, I warn you. I drive a hard bargain, drunk or sober.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: One thousand pounds in cash. C.A. Swan: For a murder? Tony Wendice: For a few minutes work, that's all it is. And no risk, I guarantee. That ought to appeal to you. You've been skating on pretty thin ice. C.A. Swan: I don't know what you're talking about. Tony Wendice: You ought to know. It's in all the papers. Middle aged woman found dead due to an overdose of something. Apparently, she'd been taking the stuff for quite some time, and nobody knows where she got it. But we know, don't we? Poor Miss Wallace. C.A. Swan: This thousand pounds. Where is it? Tony Wendice: It's in a small attaché case in a check room. C.A. Swan: Where? Tony Wendice: Somewhere in London. Of course we don't meet again. As soon as you've delivered the goods, I shall mail you the checkroom ticket and the key to the case. You take this hundred pounds on account.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: How about coming with me to a stag party? Mark Halliday: A stag party? Tony Wendice: Yes, some American boys have been playing tennis all over the country. We're giving them a sort of farewell dinner. Mark Halliday: Sounds great, but I'm not much of a tennis player. Tony Wendice: Doesn't matter. You know New York and all that. [to Margot] Tony Wendice: Darling, Mark's coming to the party tomorrow night. Margot Mary Wendice: Oh good. You better drop in here first and have a drink. Tony Wendice: That's the idea. Mark Halliday: Yes, alright. Well I'll try and get a taxi. Margot Mary Wendice: No, we can usually pick one up. So long, darling. Tony Wendice: Enjoy yourself. Mark Halliday: So long, Tony. Tony Wendice: Good night.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Chief Insp. Hubbard: Good morning, Sir. I'm Chief Inspector Hubbard, in charge of criminal investigation of this division. Tony Wendice: Oh, I think we gave your sergeant all the necessary information. Chief Insp. Hubbard: Yes, I've seen his report of course, but there are a few things I'd like to get firsthand.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: [to Swan] I need an alibi, a very good one. Then I saw you. I'd wondered what happened to people who came out of prison. People like you, I mean.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Margot Mary Wendice: Oh, there you are. We thought you were never coming. What have you been up to? Tony Wendice: I'm sorry darling, but the boss came in just as I was leaving. Margot Mary Wendice: Tony, this is Mark Halliday. Tony Wendice: Hello Mark. Mark Halliday: Hello.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Tony Wendice: You used to go gambling at the dog racing track on Mondays and Thursdays. I even took it up myself just to be near you. I soon discovered after talking to a few people that you interacted with that you changed your name to "Adams". C.A. Swan: Yes, because I got bored with Swan. Any crime with that? Tony Wendice: No, none at all. In fact, there wasn't really anything illegal about you. I got quite discouraged. I was just about to give up on you, when one day you dissappeared from your lodgings. So, I phoned your landlady. I told her I was looking for you because "Mr. Adams" owed me five pounds. Apparently that was nothing. "Mr. Adams" owed her six weeks' rent and her best lodger 55 pounds. And "Mr. Adams" had been such a nice gentleman. That's what seemed to upset her the most. C.A. Swan: Yes, it always seems to upset the most.

§Dial M for Murder ¤ Margot Mary Wendice: Shouldn't I break down or something? Mark Halliday: It's delayed action, that's all. In a couple of days you're going to have the most wonderful breakdown.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Pray for the best, but prepare for the worst.

§Prisoners ¤ Alex Jones: [whispering to Keller] They only cried when I left them.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: He's not a person anymore. No, he stopped being a person when he took our daughters.

§Prisoners ¤ Eliza Birch: Did you feel bad for that deer when you shot it? Ralph Dover: Do you feel bad for cows when you go into McDonald's?

§Prisoners ¤ Captain Richard O'Malley: You think this is gonna lead you to the bodies? Cause I sure as shit don't. Detective Loki: Do me a favor, captain. Go fuck yourself.

§Prisoners ¤ Detective Loki: There's a bag of lye in your basement; it's half-empty... Your wife thinks you've been helping us... but we both know that's not true... Keller Dover: I used the lye to bury our dog last year... And "helping a cop" sounds better than "I've been out driving around aimlessly in my truck 'cause I don't know what the fuck else to do." Detective Loki: Is that what you were doing last Saturday night? Keller Dover: Probably. Am I a suspect? Detective Loki: No, I'm only asking... I'm only asking because your assaulted man has gone missing. Keller Dover: [pauses] I heard about that. What happened? I thought you had him under surveillance. Detective Loki: [Stammers] I'm gonna assume you're asking because you have no idea. Keller Dover: Yeah, well, I didn't think it was something I could get away with. Detective Loki: It's not... Keller Dover: They skip town, this asshole is guilty. Oh, it couldn't be that, right? 'Cause then it'd be your fault, right? Detective Loki: Mr. Dover... Mr. Dover. Keller Dover: What? Detective Loki: You need to take care of yourself and your wife. That's the best thing you can do right now. That little girl is gonna need you when she comes home. Keller Dover: Kids gone for more than a week... have half as good a chance of being found. And half for a month, almost none are found alive, alright? So, forgive me for doing everything I can to f... Detective Loki: You know what? It hasn't been a fucking week. Keller Dover: You're right. [Overlapping] Keller Dover: Day fucking six! Detective Loki: No. [Overlapping] Detective Loki: It hasn't been a fucking week! Keller Dover: Day six. [Eyes well with tears] Keller Dover: And every day, she's wondering why I'm not there to fucking rescue her! Do you understand that? Me, not you! Not you! But me! EVERY DAY! Detective Loki: All right... Keller Dover: SO, FORGIVE ME FOR NOT GOING HOME TO GET A GOOD NIGHT'S REST! [pauses as he looks at Detective Loki, breathing heavily in anger; he begins repeatedly bashing his fist against the dashboard] Keller Dover: AND WHY DIDN'T YOU LOOK FOR MY FUCKING DAUGHTER? MOTHERFUCKING... Keller Dover: Hey, hey, hey, hey... [Calmly reaches his hand to Keller's shoulder to calm him down] Keller Dover: [Sharply recoils from Detective Loki's hand, which is by his shoulder] Don't follow me. Detective Loki: Mr. Dover, Mr. Dover... [Keller sighs and turns to him] Detective Loki: You don't think I'm gonna let you get behind the wheel after you've been drinking, do you? Keller Dover: [Opens the car door] I'm gonna walk. You look for my daughter. [Slams the car door shut]

§Prisoners ¤ [first lines] Keller Dover: Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For the kingdom, the power and the glory are yours, now and forever. Amen. Ralph Dover: [shoots a deer]

§Prisoners ¤ Detective Loki: Alex Jones, unfortunately, has the I.Q. of a ten-year-old. There's no way someone with the I.Q. of a ten-year-old could abduct two girls in broad daylight and then... somehow make them disappear. Keller Dover: Well, maybe he wasn't on his own. How could he drive an RV if he has an I.Q. of a ten-year-old?

§Prisoners ¤ Captain Richard O'Malley: Look, kid, we can't always save the day. All right? We're just cops. Janitors.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: [driving along] You know the most important thing your granddad ever taught me? Hmm? Be ready. Hurricane, flood, whatever it ends up being. No more food gets delivered to the grocery store, gas stations dry up. People just turn on each other, and uh, all of a sudden all that stands between you and being dead is you.

§Prisoners ¤ Holly Jones: Making children disappear is the war we wage with God.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: You wasted your time... you wasted your time following me. You let that happen.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: [Stammers] My-my son already told you th-that the guy was inside the RV just watching them... right? Detective Loki: We haven't found any physical evidence inside the RV... or at his aunt's house, where he lives. Keller Dover: Nothing? Detective Loki: Alex Jones, unfortunately, has the IQ of a ten-year-old... There is no way that someone with an IQ of a ten-year-old could abduct two girls in broad daylight and then... somehow make them disappear. Keller Dover: Uh, well, how can he drive an RV? If-if he can't answer a question. Detective Loki: Well, he has a legal Pennsylvania license. Keller Dover: And he ran, right? They said he tried to run away. [Stammers] Keller Dover: Why would he run? Detective Loki: I've spent ten hours questioning this boy, okay? I hear what you're saying. Keller Dover: Uh... did-did you give him a lie detector? You gave us a lie dete - did you give him one? Detective Loki: Sir, I understand what you're asking me: yes, we did. Keller Dover: And? Detective Loki: We gave him a lie detector, and there's no way of... A lie detector doesn't work if you don't understand the questions. Keller Dover: Well, maybe he wasn't on his own... How can he drive RV if he has an IQ of a ten-year-old? Detective Loki: Sir, sir, hey, we are considering all possibilities... [Overlapping] Detective Loki: No, I-I-I hear what you're saying, I - S-sir, sir... Keller Dover: I don't think you are considering all possibilities. [Overlapping] Keller Dover: No, you listen to me! Just shut the fuck up for a fucking second! [Grace jumps, startled at his frustration, and cries softly] Detective Loki: Here's what I'm gonna need you to do for me: I need you to calm down. Keller Dover: [Trembles] I'm sorry. I'm s-sorry... Please listen to me for a second... Detective Loki: Mr. Dover... I understand that this is an incredibly hard time, but I have every uniformed police officer in this state looking for Anna. Keller Dover: [Fights back tears] I don't understand what any of this means; they said he ran... They said he tried to get away. I don't understand w-why he would try to... run away. Detective Loki: We're considering all possibilities, Mr. Dover. I hear what you're saying. I'm not crossing anybody off my list... Just... let me do my job.

§Prisoners ¤ Detective Loki: With all due respect, Captain, go fuck yourself.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Where's my daughter? Where's my daughter!

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Don't talk to them. Ralph Dover: [Looks up at Keller, confused and distraught] Eliza told me they're dead... Is it true? Keller Dover: No. Ralph Dover: Well, she said... they found... their bloody clothes... Keller Dover: Don't you tell your mother that. Don't you *dare* tell your mother that. Do you understand me? Now, I need you to listen to me... [whispering harshly] Keller Dover: I need you to stay and run the house for a couple of days; and you make sure she does not watch the news and when the paper comes, you just throw it the fuck away! Listen to me... We do *not* give up on your sister. We do *not*! [pauses, while trembling] Keller Dover: I'm gonna find her... I'm gonna bring her home. We do not give up. Ralph Dover: You're gonna bring her *home*? She's *dead*, *you* can't do anything, you've been leaving me and mom here while you've been going out and getting *fucking drunk*! You think I can't smell it on you? Keller Dover: [Keller grabs Ralph's shoulders, whips him around, and pins him against the wall in a fury] *SHUT UP*!

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: He stays in custody till my daughter is found, right? Right? Detective Loki: We have a 48-hour hold on him. It ends tomorrow unless we bring charges. Keller Dover: Well, then charge him with something... Charge him! Detective Loki: Mr. Dover... Keller Dover: [Interrupts] Detective, Detective. Two little girls have *gotta* be worth whatever little rule you gotta break to keep that asshole in custody. Now, I know you can't promise me anything, I understand that. But I'm asking you, be sure. Be 100% sure... [Loki nods] Keller Dover: Thank you... I appreciate it.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Why aren't you sending someone out to go arrest this guy? Captain Richard O'Malley: Tell Detective Loki what you just told me, and he'll definitely look into it. Go ahead. Keller Dover: [sighs and turns to Loki] That asshole you promised me you'd keep in custody... Right? And you didn't... And right now, when I grabbed him in the parking lot, he said right to my fucking face, "They didn't cry until I left them." Right to my fucking face! Detective Loki: He said that to you in the parking lot just now? Keller Dover: Right now! Yeah! What did I just say? In the parking lot! Before you grabbed me off him. Detective Loki: Did anyone else hear him besides you? Keller Dover: I don't know... He was quiet. He-he said it to me. He wanted me to know. Detective Loki: Are you sure he said that? Keller Dover: What? Detective Loki: Are you sure that's what he said? Keller Dover: Jesus Christ, you think I'm making this up? Detective Loki: No, I don't think that, I just... Keller Dover: Why would I make this up? No, no think about! Why would I make this up? Detective Loki: I'm not saying that to you. I'm just asking you a couple questions. I will talk to him, okay? Keller Dover: No, don't talk to him! Arrest him! [Storms out] Detective Loki: [Turns to Captain O'Malley] What'd I fucking tell you? What'd I tell you? One more day.

§Prisoners ¤ Alex Jones: They didn't cry until I left them.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Every day she's wondering why I'm not there! Not you, but me!

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Every day she's wondering why I'm not there. Me, not you!

§Prisoners ¤ [repeated line] Detective Loki: Tell me what you're drawing.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Someone has to make him talk or they're gonna die!

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: We hurt him until he talks or they're going to die.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: I'm not going to have Christmas without my daughter! Franklin Birch: I miss my daughter to!

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Where is my daughter? I'm not having Christmas without my daughter!

§Prisoners ¤ Detective Loki: I know where you're going.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: I don't think you are considering all the possibilities!

§Prisoners ¤ Detective Loki: Alex Jones has the IQ of a ten-year-old!

§Prisoners ¤ Detective Loki: I'm gonna find your daughters.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: I just wanna talk. I'm a free man. I'm a free man!

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Be prepared for the worst, but hope for the best. Keller Dover: Pray for the best, but prepare for the worst.

§Prisoners ¤ Detective Loki: Just let me do my job.

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Why didn't you look for my daughter?

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: Where's my daughter?

§Prisoners ¤ Keller Dover: He's not a person anymore.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Rhett, Rhett... Rhett, if you go, where shall I go? What shall I do? Rhett Butler: Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: As God is my witness, as God is my witness they're not going to lick me. I'm going to live through this and when it's all over, I'll never be hungry again. No, nor any of my folk. If I have to lie, steal, cheat or kill. As God is my witness, I'll never be hungry again.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: No, I don't think I will kiss you, although you need kissing, badly. That's what's wrong with you. You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: You're like the thief who isn't the least bit sorry he stole, but is terribly, terribly sorry he's going to jail.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Sir, you are no gentleman. Rhett Butler: And you, Miss, are no lady.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: I can't go all my life waiting to catch you between husbands.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: What are you doing? Rhett Butler: I'm leaving you, my dear. All you need now is a divorce and your dreams of Ashley can come true. Scarlett: Oh, no! No, you're wrong, terribly wrong! I don't want a divorce. Oh Rhett, but I knew tonight, when I... when I knew I loved you, I ran home to tell you, oh darling, darling! Rhett Butler: Please don't go on with this, Leave us some dignity to remember out of our marriage. Spare us this last. Scarlett: This last? Oh Rhett, do listen to me, I must have loved you for years, only I was such a stupid fool, I didn't know it. Please believe me, you must care! Melly said you did. Rhett Butler: I believe you. What about Ashley Wilkes? Scarlett: I... I never really loved Ashley. Rhett Butler: You certainly gave a good imitation of it, up till this morning. No Scarlett, I tried everything. If you'd only met me half way, even when I came back from London. Scarlett: I was so glad to see you. I was, Rhett, but you were so nasty. Rhett Butler: And then when you were sick, it was all my fault... I hoped against hope that you'd call for me, but you didn't. Scarlett: I wanted you. I wanted you desperately but I didn't think you wanted me. Rhett Butler: It seems we've been at cross purposes, doesn't it? But it's no use now. As long as there was Bonnie, there was a chance that we might be happy. I liked to think that Bonnie was you, a little girl again, before the war, and poverty had done things to you. She was so like you, and I could pet her, and spoil her, as I wanted to spoil you. But when she went, she took everything. Scarlett: Oh, Rhett, Rhett please don't say that. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry for everything. Rhett Butler: My darling, you're such a child. You think that by saying, "I'm sorry," all the past can be corrected. Here, take my handkerchief. Never, at any crisis of your life, have I known you to have a handkerchief. Scarlett: Rhett! Rhett, where are you going? Rhett Butler: I'm going back to Charleston, back where I belong. Scarlett: Please, please take me with you! Rhett Butler: No, I'm through with everything here. I want peace. I want to see if somewhere there isn't something left in life of charm and grace. Do you know what I'm talking about? Scarlett: No! I only know that I love you. Rhett Butler: That's your misfortune. [Rhett turns to walk down the stairs] Scarlett: Oh, Rhett! [Scarlett watches Rhett walk to the door] Scarlett: Rhett! [runs down the stairs after Rhett] Scarlett: Rhett, Rhett! [catches him as he's walking out the front door] Scarlett: Rhett... if you go, where shall I go, what shall I do? Rhett Butler: Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn. [Rhett walks off into the fog]

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: I can't think about that right now. If I do, I'll go crazy. I'll think about that tomorrow.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ [last lines] Scarlett: Tara! Home. I'll go home. And I'll think of some way to get him back. After all... tomorrow is another day.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: Would you satisfy my curiosity on a point which has bothered me for some time? Scarlett: Well, what is it? Be quick! Rhett Butler: Tell me, Scarlett, do you never shrink from marrying men you don't love? Scarlett: How did you ever get out of jail? Why didn't they hang you?

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Gerald O'Hara: Do you mean to tell me, Katie Scarlett O'Hara, that Tara, that land doesn't mean anything to you? Why, land is the only thing in the world worth workin' for, worth fightin' for, worth dyin' for, because it's the only thing that lasts.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Rhett, don't. I shall faint. Rhett Butler: I want you to faint. This is what you were meant for. None of the fools you've ever know have kissed you like this, have they? Your Charles, or your Frank, or your stupid Ashley.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ [first title card] Title card: There was a land of Cavaliers and Cotton Fields called the Old South... Here in this pretty world Gallantry took its last bow... Here was the last ever to be seen of Knights and their Ladies Fair, of Master and of Slave... Look for it only in books, for it is no more than a dream remembered. A Civilization gone with the wind...

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: [pleads with Rhett as he is about to leave to join the Confederate Army] Oh, Rhett! Please, don't go! You can't leave me! Please! I'll never forgive you! Rhett Butler: I'm not asking you to forgive me. I'll never understand or forgive myself. And if a bullet gets me, so help me, I'll laugh at myself for being an idiot. There's one thing I do know... and that is that I love you, Scarlett. In spite of you and me and the whole silly world going to pieces around us, I love you. Because we're alike. Bad lots, both of us. Selfish and shrewd. But able to look things in the eyes as we call them by their right names. Scarlett: [struggles] Don't hold me like that! Rhett Butler: [holds her tighter] Scarlett! Look at me! I've loved you more than I've ever loved any woman and I've waited for you longer than I've ever waited for any woman. [kisses her forehead] Scarlett: [turns her face away] Let me alone! Rhett Butler: [forces her to look him in the eyes] Here's a soldier of the South who loves you, Scarlett. Wants to feel your arms around him, wants to carry the memory of your kisses into battle with him. Never mind about loving me, you're a woman sending a soldier to his death with a beautiful memory. Scarlett! Kiss me! Kiss me... once... [he kisses her]

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: [to Rhett] If I said I was madly in love with you you'd know I was lying.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: I only know that I love you. Rhett Butler: That's your misfortune.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Great balls of fire. Don't bother me anymore, and don't call me sugar.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: Take a good look my dear. It's an historic moment you can tell your grandchildren about - how you watched the Old South fall one night.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Rhett, how could you do this to me, and why should you go now that, after it's all over and I need you, why? Why? Rhett Butler: Why? Maybe it's because I've always had a weakness for lost causes, once they're really lost. Or maybe, maybe I'm ashamed of myself. Who knows?

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Cathleen, who's that? Cathleen Calvert: Who? Scarlett: That man looking at us and smiling. The nasty dog. Cathleen Calvert: My dear, don't you know? That's Rhett Butler. He's from Charleston. He has the most terrible reputation. Scarlett: He looks as if... as if he knows what I look like without my shimmy.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: I'm very drunk and I intend on getting still drunker before this evening's over.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Mammy: Oh now, Miss Scarlett, you come on and be good and eat just a little, honey! Scarlett: No! I'm going to have a good time today, and do my eating at the barbeque. Mammy: If you don't care what folks says about this family, I does! I is told you and told you that you can always tell a lady by the way she eat in front of folks like a bird. And I ain't aiming for you to go to Mr. John Wilkes' and eat like a field hand and gobble like a hog! Scarlett: Fiddle-dee-dee! Ashley Wilkes told me he likes to see a girl with a healthy appetite! Mammy: What gentlemen says and what they thinks is two different things, and I ain't noticed Mr. Ashley asking for to marry you. [Scarlett turns around slowly to face Mammy then throws her small black umbrella and stuffs food into her mouth] Mammy: Now, don't eat too fast. Ain't no need a having for it come right back up again! Scarlett: [With her mouth full] Why does a girl have to be so silly to catch a husband?

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rene Picard: $20. $20 for Miss Maybelle Merriwether. Tony Fontaine: $25 for Miss Fanny Elsing. Dr. Meade: Only $25 to give? Rhett Butler: $150 in gold. Dr. Meade: For what lady, sir? Rhett Butler: For Mrs. Charles Hamilton. Dr. Meade: For whom, sir? Rhett Butler: Mrs. Charles Hamilton. Dr. Meade: Mrs. Hamilton is in mourning, Captain Butler. But I'm sure any of our Atlanta belles would be proud to... Rhett Butler: Dr. Meade, I said Mrs. Charles Hamilton. Dr. Meade: She will not consider it, sir. Scarlett: Oh, yes, I will. [Aunty Pittypat faints] Rhett Butler: [after the dance starts] Well, we've sort of shocked the Confederacy, Scarlett.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: So, you see I shall have to marry you. Scarlett: I've never heard of such bad taste. Rhett Butler: Would you be more convinced if I fell to my knees? Scarlett: Turn me loose, you varmint, and get out of here! Rhett Butler: Forgive me for startling you with the impetuosity of my sentiments, my dear Scarlett. I mean, my dear Mrs. Kennedy. But it cannot have escaped your notice that for some time past the friendship I have felt for you has ripened into a deeper feeling. A feeling more beautiful, more pure, more sacred. Dare I name it? Can it be love? Scarlett: Get up off your knees! I don't like your common jokes! Rhett Butler: This is an honorable proposal of marriage made at what I consider a most opportune moment. I can't go all my life waiting to catch you between husbands. Scarlett: You're coarse, and you're conceited. And I think this conversation has gone far enough.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: Did you ever think of marrying just for fun? Scarlett: Marriage, fun? Fiddle-dee-dee. Fun for men you mean.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: But you are a blockade runner. Rhett Butler: For profit, and profit only. Scarlett: Are you tryin' to tell me you don't believe in the cause? Rhett Butler: I believe in Rhett Butler, he's the only cause I know.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: And those pantalettes, I don't know a woman in Paris who wears pantalettes. Scarlett: Oh Rhett, what do they - you shouldn't talk about such things. Rhett Butler: You little hypocrite. You don't mind my knowing about them, just my talking about it. Scarlett: But really Rhett, I can't go on accepting these gifts although you are AWFULLY kind. Rhett Butler: I'm not kind, I'm just tempting you. Scarlett: Well if you think I'll marry you just to pay for the bonnet I won't. Rhett Butler: Don't flatter yourself. I'm not a marrying man.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Gerald O'Hara: [the men are discussing the prospect of going to war with the North] And what does the captain of our troops say? Ashley: Well, gentlemen, if Georgia fights, I go with her. But like my father I hope that the Yankees let us leave the Union in peace. Man: But Ashley, Ashley, they've insulted us! Charles Hamilton: You can't mean you don't want war! Ashley: Most of the miseries of the world were caused by wars. And when the wars were over, no one ever knew what they were about. Gerald O'Hara: [the other men protest] Now gentlemen, Mr. Butler has been up North I hear. Don't you agree with us, Mr. Butler? Rhett Butler: I think it's hard winning a war with words, gentlemen. Charles Hamilton: What do you mean, sir? Rhett Butler: I mean, Mr. Hamilton, there's not a cannon factory in the whole South. Man: What difference does that make, sir, to a gentleman? Rhett Butler: I'm afraid it's going to make a great deal of difference to a great many gentlemen, sir. Charles Hamilton: Are you hinting, Mr. Butler, that the Yankees can lick us? Rhett Butler: No, I'm not hinting. I'm saying very plainly that the Yankees are better equipped than we. They've got factories, shipyards, coalmines... and a fleet to bottle up our harbors and starve us to death. All we've got is cotton, and slaves and... arrogance. Man: That's treacherous! Charles Hamilton: I refuse to listen to any renegade talk! Rhett Butler: Well, I'm sorry if the truth offends you. Charles Hamilton: Apologies aren't enough sir. I hear you were turned out of West Point, Mr. Rhett Butler. And that you aren't received in a decent family in Charleston. Not even your own. Rhett Butler: I apologize again for all my shortcomings. Mr. Wilkes, Perhaps you won't mind if I walk about and look over your place. I seem to be spoiling everybody's brandy and cigars and... dreams of victory.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: [Rhett has heard Scarlett's and Ashley's fight] and Sir you should have made your presence known Rhett Butler: In the middle of that beautiful love scene. Now that wouldn't have been very tactful would it? Scarlett: Oh! You sir are no gentlemen. Rhett Butler: And you Ms. are no lady. [She is shocked and hurt] Rhett Butler: Don't think I hold that against you. Ladies have never held any appeal for me

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: You still think you're the cutest trick in shoe leather.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Melanie Hamilton: Whatever happens, I'll love you just as I do now until I die.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Gerald O'Hara: It will come to you, this love of the land. There's no gettin' away from it if you're Irish.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: A cat's a better mother than you.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: Why, all we have is cotton and slaves and arrogance.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: Open your eyes and look at me. No, I don't think I will kiss you. Although you need kissing badly. That's what's wrong with you. You should be kissed and often and by someone who knows how. Scarlett: And I suppose you think you're the proper person. Rhett Butler: I might be... if the right moment ever came. Scarlett: You're a conceited, blackhearted varmint Rhett Butler. I don't know why I let come and see me. Rhett Butler: I'll tell you why, Scarlett. Because I'm the only man over sixteen and under sixty who's around to show you a good time.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ [first lines] Brent Tarleton: What do we care if we *were* expelled from college, Scarlett? The war is gonna start any day now, so we'd have left college anyhow. Stuart Tarleton: War! Isn't it exciting, Scarlett? You know those fool Yankees actually *want* a war? Brent Tarleton: We'll show 'em! Scarlett: Fiddle-dee-dee! War, war, war; this war talk's spoiling all the fun at every party this spring. I get so bored I could scream. Besides... there isn't going to be any war. Brent Tarleton: Not going to be any war? Stuart Tarleton: Why, honey, of course there's gonna be a war. Scarlett: If either of you boys says "war" just once again, I'll go in the house and slam the door. Brent Tarleton: But Scarlett, honey... Stuart Tarleton: Don't you *want* us to have a war? [she gets up and walks to the door, to their protestations] Scarlett: [relenting] Well... but remember, I warned you.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Prissy: Lawzy, we got to have a doctor. I don't know nothin' 'bout birthin' babies.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: I can shoot straight, if I don't have to shoot too far.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Mammy: Lordy, Miss Melly. I sure is glad you's come. Melanie Hamilton: Oh, Mammy, this house won't seem the same without Bonnie. How's Miss Scarlett bearing up? Mammy: Miss Melly, this here's done broke her heart. But I didn't fetch you on Miss Scarlett's account. What that child got to stand, the good Lord give her strength to stand. It's Mr. Rhett I's worried about. He done lost his mind these last couple of days. Melanie Hamilton: Oh, no, Mammy, no. Mammy: I ain't never seen no man, black or white, set such store on any child. When Dr. Meade say her neck broke, Mr. Rhett grabbed his gun and run out and shoot that poor pony. And for a minute, I think he gonna shoot hisself. Melanie Hamilton: Oh, poor Captain Butler Mammy: Miss Scarlett called him a murderer for teaching that child to jump. She said, "You give me my baby what you killed." And then he say Miss Scarlett ain't never cared nothing about Miss Bonnie. It like to turn my blood cold, the things they say to one another. Melanie Hamilton: Stop, Mammy, don't tell me any more. Mammy: And then that night Mr. Rhett, he locked hisself in the nursery with Miss Bonnie. He wouldn't even open the door when Miss Scarlett beat on it and hollered to him and that's where he's been for two whole days. Melanie Hamilton: Oh, Mammy! Mammy: And then this evening, Miss Scarlett shouted through the door and said: "The funeral's set for tomorrow morning." and he says, "You try that and I kills you tomorrow. Do you think I's gonna put my child in the dark when she's so scared of it?" Melanie Hamilton: Oh, Mammy, Mammy! He *has* lost his mind! Mammy: Yes'm, that's the God's truth. He ain't gonna let us bury that child. You gotta help us Miss Melly. Melanie Hamilton: Oh, but I can't intrude. Mammy: If you can't help us, who can? Mr. Rhett always set great store by your opinion. Please, Miss Melly. Melanie Hamilton: I'll do what I can, Mammy.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: Now that you've got your lumber mill and Frank's money, you won't come to me as you did to the jail, so I see I shall have to marry you. Scarlett: I never heard of such bad taste.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Great balls of fire! HICCUP! It's Rhett!

§Gone with the Wind ¤ [choked up about Rhett and Scarlett] Mammy: It like to turn my blood cold, the things they say to one another.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Rhett Butler: You can come to my hanging and I'll remember you in my will. Scarlett: The only thing I'm afraid of is they won't hang you in time to pay the taxes on Tara!

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: I can't let Tara go. I won't let it go while there's a breath left in my body.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: Now I didn't come to talk silliness about me, Rhett. I came 'cause I was so miserable at the thought of you in trouble. Oh, I know I was mad at you the night you left me on the road to Tara, and I still haven't forgiven you! Rhett Butler: Oh, Scarlett! Don't say that! Scarlett: Well I must admit I might not be alive now, only for you. And when I think of myself with everything I could possibly hope for, and not a care in the world... And you here in this horrid jail... and not even a human jail, Rhett, a horse jail!

§Gone with the Wind ¤ [Dropping Scarlett at Ashley's birthday party] Rhett Butler: You go into the arena alone. The lions are hungry for you.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: [to Ashley] Dreams, dreams always dreams with you, never common sense.

§Gone with the Wind ¤ [repeated line] Scarlett: Fiddledee dee

§Gone with the Wind ¤ Scarlett: How do I look? Rhett Butler: Awful. Just awful. Scarlett: Why? What's the matter?

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: People should not be afraid of their governments. Governments should be afraid of their people.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: My father was a writer. You would've liked him. He used to say that artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up. V: A man after my own heart.

§V for Vendetta ¤ [first lines] Evey Hammond: [voiceover] Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, the Gunpowder Treason and Plot. I know of no reason why the Gunpowder Treason should ever be forgot... But what of the man? I know his name was Guy Fawkes and I know, in 1605, he attempted to blow up the Houses of Parliament. But who was he really? What was he like? We are told to remember the idea, not the man, because a man can fail. He can be caught, he can be killed and forgotten, but 400 years later, an idea can still change the world. I've witnessed first hand the power of ideas, I've seen people kill in the name of them, and die defending them... but you cannot kiss an idea, cannot touch it, or hold it... ideas do not bleed, they do not feel pain, they do not love... And it is not an idea that I miss, it is a man... A man that made me remember the Fifth of November. A man that I will never forget.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [Evey pulls out her mace] I can assure you I mean you no harm. Evey Hammond: Who are you? V: Who? Who is but the form following the function of what and what I am is a man in a mask. Evey Hammond: Well I can see that. V: Of course you can. I'm not questioning your powers of observation; I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is. Evey Hammond: Oh. Right. V: But on this most auspicious of nights, permit me then, in lieu of the more commonplace sobriquet, to suggest the character of this dramatis persona. V: Voilà! In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran, cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valorous visitation of a by-gone vexation, stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin vanguarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition. [carves "V" into poster on wall] V: The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta, held as a votive, not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous. V: [giggles] V: Verily, this vichyssoise of verbiage veers most verbose, so let me simply add that it's my very good honor to meet you and you may call me V. Evey Hammond: Are you, like, a crazy person? V: I am quite sure they will say so. But to whom, might I ask, am I speaking? Evey Hammond: I'm Evey. V: Evey? E-V. Of course you are. Evey Hammond: What does that mean? V: It means that I, like God, do not play with dice and do not believe in coincidence. Are you hurt?

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: ...A building is a symbol, as is the act of destroying it. Symbols are given power by people. Alone, a symbol is meaningless, but with enough people, blowing up a building can change the world.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Valerie: I know there's no way I can convince you this is not one of their tricks, but I don't care, I am me. My name is Valerie, I don't think I'll live much longer and I wanted to tell someone about my life. This is the only autobiography I'll ever write, and god, I'm writing it on toilet paper. I was born in Nottingham in 1985, I don't remember much of those early years, but I do remember the rain. My grandmother owned a farm in Tuttlebrook, and she use to tell me that god was in the rain. I passed my 11th lesson into girl's grammar; it was at school that I met my first girlfriend, her name was Sara. It was her wrists. They were beautiful. I thought we would love each other forever. I remember our teacher telling us that is was an adolescent phase people outgrew. Sara did, I didn't. In 2002, I fell in love with a girl named Christina. That year I came out to my parents. I couldn't have done it without Chris holding my hand. My father wouldn't look at me, he told me to go and never come back. My mother said nothing. But I had only told them the truth, was that so selfish? Our integrity sells for so little, but it is all we really have. It is the very last inch of us, but within that inch, we are free. I'd always known what I wanted to do with my life, and in 2015 I starred in my first film, "The Salt Flats". It was the most important role of my life, not because of my career, but because that was how I met Ruth. The first time we kissed, I knew I never wanted to kiss any other lips but hers again. We moved to a small flat in London together. She grew Scarlet Carsons for me in our window box, and our place always smelled of roses. Those were there best years of my life. But America's war grew worse, and worse. And eventually came to London. After that there were no roses anymore. Not for anyone. I remember how the meaning of words began to change. How unfamiliar words like "collateral" and "rendition" became frightening. While things like Norse Fire and The Articles of Allegiance became powerful, I remember how different became dangerous. I still don't understand it, why they hate us so much. They took Ruth while she was out buying food. I've never cried so hard in my life. It wasn't long till they came for me. It seems strange that my life should end in such a terrible place, but for three years, I had roses, and apologized to no one. I shall die here. Every inch of me shall perish. Every inch, but one. An Inch, it is small and it is fragile, but it is the only thing the world worth having. We must never lose it or give it away. We must never let them take it from us. I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the world turns and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you. I love you. With all my heart, I love you. -Valerie

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: I told you, only truth. For 20 years, I sought only this day. Nothing else existed... until I saw you. Then everything changed. I fell in love with you Evey. And to think I no longer believed I could. Evey Hammond: But I don't want you to die. V: That's the most beautiful thing you could have ever given me.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: Good evening, London. Allow me first to apologize for this interruption. I do, like many of you, appreciate the comforts of every day routine- the security of the familiar, the tranquility of repetition. I enjoy them as much as any bloke. But in the spirit of commemoration, whereby those important events of the past, usually associated with someone's death or the end of some awful bloody struggle, a celebration of a nice holiday, I thought we could mark this November the 5th, a day that is sadly no longer remembered, by taking some time out of our daily lives to sit down and have a little chat. There are of course those who do not want us to speak. I suspect even now, orders are being shouted into telephones, and men with guns will soon be on their way. Why? Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power. Words offer the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enunciation of truth. And the truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there? Cruelty and injustice, intolerance and oppression. And where once you had the freedom to object, to think and speak as you saw fit, you now have censors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity and soliciting your submission. How did this happen? Who's to blame? Well certainly there are those more responsible than others, and they will be held accountable, but again truth be told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror. I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be? War, terror, disease. There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense. Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you turned to the now high chancellor, Adam Sutler. He promised you order, he promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient consent. Last night I sought to end that silence. Last night I destroyed the Old Bailey, to remind this country of what it has forgotten. More than four hundred years ago a great citizen wished to embed the fifth of November forever in our memory. His hope was to remind the world that fairness, justice, and freedom are more than words, they are perspectives. So if you've seen nothing, if the crimes of this government remain unknown to you, then I would suggest you allow the fifth of November to pass unmarked. But if you see what I see, if you feel as I feel, and if you would seek as I seek, then I ask you to stand beside me one year from tonight, outside the gates of Parliament, and together we shall give them a fifth of November that shall never, ever be forgot.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Creedy: Defiant to the end, huh? You won't cry like him, will you? You're not afraid of death. You're like me. V: The only thing that you and I have in common, Mr. Creedy, is we're both about to die. Creedy: How do you imagine that's gonna happen? V: With my hands around your neck. Creedy: Bollocks. Whatchya gonna do, huh? We've swept this place. You've got nothing. Nothing but your bloody knives and your fancy karate gimmicks. We have guns. V: No, what you have are bullets, and the hope that when your guns are empty I'm no longer be standing, because if I am you'll all be dead before you've reloaded. Creedy: That's impossible. Kill him. [the fingermen open fire on V, but he still stands after their magazines are empty] V: My turn. [V proceeds to kill all fingermen with his knives before they manage to reload] Creedy: [desperately shooting at the approaching V] Die! Die! Why won't you die?... Why won't you die? V: Beneath this mask there is more than flesh. Beneath this mask there is an idea, Mr. Creedy. And ideas are bulletproof.

§V for Vendetta ¤ [last lines] Evey Hammond: No one will ever forget that night and what it meant for this country. But I will never forget the man and what he meant to me.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Gordon Deitrich: You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: Would you... dance with me? Evey Hammond: Now? On the eve of your revolution? V: A revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having!

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: [reads] Vi Veri Veniversum Vivus Vici. V: [translates] By the power of truth, I, while living, have conquered the universe. Evey Hammond: Personal motto? V: From "Faust". Evey Hammond: That's about trying to cheat the devil, isn't it? V: It is.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Delia Surridge: [V gives her a rose] Are you going to kill me now? V: I killed you 10 minutes ago. [shows her hypodermic needle] V: While you slept. Delia Surridge: Is there any pain? V: No. Delia Surridge: Thank you. Is it meaningless to apologize? V: Never. Delia Surridge: I'm so sorry. [dies]

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: Who are you? V: Who? Who is but the form following the function of what, and what I am is a man in a mask. Evey Hammond: Well I can see that. V: Of course you can. I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: [watching a news report about Prothero's death] V, yesterday I couldn't find my ID. You didn't take it, did you? V: Would you prefer a lie or the truth? Evey Hammond: Did you have anything to do with... that? V: Yes, I killed him. Evey Hammond: You...? Oh god. V: You're upset. Evey Hammond: I'm upset? You just said you killed Lewis Prothero! V: I might have killed the fingerman who attacked you, but I heard no objection then. Evey Hammond: What? V: Violence can be used for good. Evey Hammond: What are you talking about? V: Justice. Evey Hammond: Oh. And are you going to kill more people? V: Yes.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [Quoting Macbeth from Macbeth Act I Scene 7] I dare do all that may become a man; Who dares do more is none.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: There are no coincidences, Delia... only the illusion of coincidence.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [Disguised as William Rookwood, meeting with Inspector Finch] Our story begins, as these stories often do, with a young up-and-coming politician. He's a deeply religious man and a member of the conservative party. He is completely single-minded convictions and has no regard for the political process. Eventually, his party launches a special project in the name of 'national security'. At first, it is believed to be a search for biological weapons and it is pursued regardless of its cost. However, the true goal of the project is power, complete and total hegemonic domination. The project, however, ends violently... but the efforts of those involved are not in vain, for a new ability to wage war is born from the blood of one of their victims. Imagine a virus - the most terrifying virus you can, and then imagine that you and you alone have the cure. But if your ultimate goal is power, how best to use such a weapon? It is at this point in our story that along comes a spider. He is a man seemingly without a conscience; for whom the ends always justify the means and it is he who suggests that their target should not be an enemy of the country but rather the country itself. Three targets are chosen to maximize the effect of the attack: a school, a tube station, and a water-treatment plant. Several hundred die within the first few weeks. Until at last the true goal comes into view. Before the St. Mary's crisis, no one would have predicted the outcome of the elections. No one. But after the election, lo and behold, a miracle. Some believed that it was the work of God himself, but it was a pharmaceutical company controlled by certain party members made them all obscenely rich. But the true genius of the plan was the fear. A year later, several extremists are tried, found guilty, and executed while a memorial is built to canonize their victims. Fear became the ultimate tool of this government. And through it our politician was ultimately appointed to the newly created position of High Chancellor. The rest, as they say, is history. Finch: Can you prove any of this? V: Why do you think I'm still alive? Finch: Right. We'd like to take you into protective custody, Mr. Rookwood. V: Oh, I'm sure you would. But if you want that recording, you'll do what I tell you to do. Put Creedy under 24 hour surveillance. When I feel safe that he can't pick his nose without you knowing, I'll contact you again. Until then, cheerio. Finch: Rookwood. Why didn't you come forward before? What were you waiting for? V: For you, Inspector. I needed you.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: There's no certainty - only opportunity.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Finch: One thing is true of all governments - their most reliable records are tax records.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: And thus I clothe my naked villainy / With old odd ends stolen forth from holy writ/And seem a saint when most I play the devil. [quoting Shakespeare's Richard III, Act I Scene 3]

§V for Vendetta ¤ Finch: Who was he? Evey Hammond: He was Edmond Dantés... and he was my father. And my mother... my brother... my friend. He was you... and me. He was all of us.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: The only verdict is vengeance, a vendetta, held as a votive not in vain.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [Quoting Polonius from Shakespeare's Hamlet Act 3, Scene 1] We are oft to blame in this, - / 'Tis too much proved - that with devotion's visage/ And pious action we do sugar o'er/ The devil himself.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Dominic: What do you think will happen? Finch: What usually happens when people without guns stand up to people *with* guns.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: I don't even know what you really look like. [Evey tries to remove V's mask] V: [V stops her] Evey, please. There is a face beneath this mask but it's not me. I'm no more that face than I am the muscles beneath it or the bones beneath them. Evey Hammond: I understand. V: Thank you.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: It is to Madame Justice that I dedicate this concerto, in honor of the holiday that she seems to have taken from these parts, and in recognition of the impostor that stands in her stead. Tell me Evey, do you know what day it is? Evey Hammond: Um, November the 4th. V: [midnight church bells ring] Not anymore. Remember, remember the 5th of November. The gunpowder treason and plot. I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: Is everything a joke to you, Gordon? Gordon Deitrich: Only the things that matter.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Valerie: It seems strange that my life should end in such a terrible place, but for three years I had roses and apologized to no one. I shall die here. Every inch of me shall perish. Every inch, but one. An inch. It is small and it is fragile and it is the only thing in the world worth having. We must never lose it or give it away. We must NEVER let them take it from us. I hope that whoever you are, you escape this place. I hope that the worlds turns, and that things get better. But what I hope most of all is that you understand what I mean when I tell you that, even though I do not know you, and even though I may never meet you, laugh with you, cry with you, or kiss you, I love you. With all my heart, I love you. Valerie.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: You were in the cell next to her. That's what it's all about... you're getting back at them for what they did to her... and to you. V: What was done to me created me. It's a basic principle of the Universe that every action will create an equal and opposing reaction. Evey Hammond: Is that how you see it? Like an equation? V: What was done to me was monstrous. Evey Hammond: And they created a monster.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: What is that you're making? Gordon Deitrich: We call it "eggie in the basket". My mum used to make them. Evey Hammond: This is weird. Gordon Deitrich: What? Evey Hammond: The first morning I was with him, he made me eggs just like this. Gordon Deitrich: Really? Evey Hammond: I swear. Gordon Deitrich: That is a strange coincidence. Although, there's an obvious explanation. Evey Hammond: There is? Gordon Deitrich: Yes, Evey. I am V. At last you know the truth. You're stunned, I know. It's hard to believe isn't it, that beneath this wrinkled, well-fed exterior there lies a dangerous killing machine with a fetish for Fawkesian masks. ¡Viva la revolución! Evey Hammond: That is *not* funny, Gordon. Gordon Deitrich: [sighs] Yeah, I know. I'm useless without a studio audience.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [V invites an unknowing Evey to join him in setting off a bomb] I'm a musician of sorts, and on my way to give a very special performance. Evey Hammond: What kind of musician? V: Percussion instruments are my speciality.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: Where did you get all this stuff? V: Oh, here and there, mostly from the Ministry of Objectionable Materials. Evey Hammond: You stole them? V: Oh, heavens, no. Stealing implies ownership. You can't steal from the censor; I merely reclaimed them. Evey Hammond: God, if they ever find this place... V: I suspect if they do find this place, a few bits of art will be the least of my worries.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: May I inquire as to how you have avoided detection? Evey Hammond: A fake ID works better than a Guy Fawkes mask.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Guard: Look, all they want is one little piece of information. Just give them something... anything. Evey Hammond: Thank you... but I'd rather die behind the chemical sheds. Guard: Then you have no fear anymore. You're completely free.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Valerie: I remember how the meaning of words began to change. How unfamiliar words like "collateral" and "rendition" became frightening, while things like Norsefire and the Articles of Allegiance became powerful. I remember how "different" became dangerous. I still don't understand it, why they hate us so much.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: I, like God, do not play with dice and do not believe in coincidence.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Finch: The problem is, he knows us better than we know ourselves. That's why I went to Larkhill, last night. Dominic: But that's outside quarantine. Finch: I had to see it. There wasn't much left. But when I was there it was strange. I suddenly had this feeling that everything was connected. It's like I could see the whole thing, one long chain of events that stretched all the way back before Larkhill. I felt like I could see everything that happened, and everything that is going to happen. It was like a perfect pattern, laid out in front of me. And I realised we're all part of it, and all trapped by it. Dominic: So do you know what's gonna happen? Finch: No, it was a feeling. But I can guess. With so much chaos, someone will do something stupid. And when they do, things will turn nasty. And then Sutler will be forced to do the only thing he knows how to do. At which point, all V needs to do is keep his word. And then... [Dominoes collapse with TV footages showing conflicts between rioting citizens and the anti-riot police]

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: We're oft to blame, and this is too much proved, that with devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar on the devil himself. Baldy Fingerman: What does that mean? V: Spare the Rod.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [as "The Count of Monte Cristo" ends] Did you like it? Evey Hammond: Yeah. But it made me feel sorry for Mercedes. V: Why? Evey Hammond: Because he cared more about revenge than he did about her.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Delia Surridge: [Curtains are drawn back, allowing moonlight to come in] It's you, isn't it? You've come to kill me? V: Yes. Delia Surridge: Thank God. Delia Surridge: After what happened. After what they did. I thought about killing myself. I knew that one day you'd come for me. I didn't know what they were going to do. I swear to you. Read my journal. V: What they did was only possible because of you. Delia Surridge: Oppenheimer was able to change more than a course of a war. It changed the entire course of human history. Is it wrong to hold on to that kind of hope? V: I've not come for what you've hoped to do. I've come for what you did. Delia Surridge: It's funny. I was given one of your roses today. I wasn't sure you were the terrorist until I saw it. What a strange coincidence that I should be given one today. V: There are no coincidences, Delia. Only the illusion of coincidences. [Holds up a rose] V: I have another rose and this one is for you. Delia Surridge: [Delia accepts and surveys the rose] You're going to kill me now? V: [Holds up a syringe] I killed you ten minutes ago... while you slept. Delia Surridge: Is there any pain? V: No. Delia Surridge: Thank you. Is it meaningless to apologize? V: [voice goes soft] Never... Delia Surridge: I'm so sorry. [Delia slowly slumps backwards, into her pillow]

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: But why would you keep it? Gordon Deitrich: I didn't have to be Muslim to find the images beautiful, or its poetry moving.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: Are you like a... crazy person? V: I'm quite sure they will say so.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [fights with a suit of armor] Hah! Take that my fat metal friend!

§V for Vendetta ¤ Evey Hammond: [watching a woman anchor on TV covering Lewis Prothero's "accidental death"] She's lying. V: How do you know? Evey Hammond: She blinks a lot when she's reading a story she knows is false.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: [V enters Evey's field of vision as she walks into the Shadow Gallery, directly from the prison] Hello, Evey. Evey Hammond: You. It was you. V: [quietly] Yeah. Evey Hammond: [gestures behind her] That wasn't real... Is Gordon - ? V: I'm sorry, but Mr. Deitrich's dead. I thought they'd arrest him, but when they found a Koran in his house, they had him executed. Evey Hammond: [whispers] Oh God... V: Fortunately, I got to you before they did. Evey Hammond: You got to me? You did this to me? You cut my hair? You tortured me? You tortured me! Why? V: You said you wanted to live without fear. I wish there'd been an easier way, but there wasn't. [Evey whispers, "Oh my God...?] V: I know you may never forgive me... but nor will you understand how hard it was for me to do what I did. Every day I saw in myself everything you see in me now. Every day I wanted to end it, but each time you refused to give in, I knew I couldn't. Evey Hammond: You're *sick*! You're *evil*! V: *You* could've ended it, Evey, you could've given in. But you didn't. Why? Evey Hammond: Leave me alone! I *hate* you! V: That's it! See, at first I thought it was hate, too. Hate was all I knew, it built my world, it imprisoned me, taught me how to eat, how to drink, how to breathe. I thought I'd die with all my hate in my veins. But then something happened. It happened to me... just as it happened to you. Evey Hammond: Shut up! I *don't* want to hear your lies! V: Your own father said that artists use lies to tell the truth. Yes, I created a lie. But because you believed it, you found something true about yourself. Evey Hammond: No. V: What was true in that cell is just as true now. What you felt in there has nothing to do with me. Evey Hammond: I can't feel *anything* anymore! V: Don't run from it, Evey. You've been running all your life. Evey Hammond: [gasps] I can't... can't breathe. Asthma... asthma! When I was little... [V reaches out his hand, Evey grabs it, they fall to the ground together] V: Listen to me, Evey. This may be the most important moment of your life. Commit to it. [Evey continues sobbing] V: They took your parents from you. They took your brother from you. [Evey groans] V: They put you in a cell and took everything they could take except your life. And you believed that was all there was, didn't you? The only thing you had left was your life, but it wasn't, was it? [Evey sobs, "Oh please...?] V: You found something else. In that cell you found something that mattered more to you than life. It was when they threatened to kill you unless you gave them what they wanted... you told them you'd rather die. You faced your death, Evey. You were calm. You were still. [Evey continues gasping] V: Try to feel now what you felt then. Evey Hammond: [breathes heavily] Oh God... I felt... V: Yes? Evey Hammond: I'm dizzy. I need air. Please, I need to be outside.

§V for Vendetta ¤ V: No, what you have are bullets, and the hope that when your guns are empty, I'm no longer standing, because if I am... you'll all be dead before you've reloaded.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Interrogator: I am instructed to inform you that you have been convicted by special tribunal and that unless you are ready to offer your cooperation you are to be executed. Do you understand what I'm telling you? Evey Hammond: Yes. Interrogator: Are you ready to cooperate? Evey Hammond: No. Interrogator: Very well. Escort Ms. Hammond back to her cell. Arrange a detail of six men and take her out behind the chemical shed and shoot her. Guard: It's time. Evey Hammond: I'm ready. Guard: Look all they want is one little piece of information, just give them something, anything. Evey Hammond: Thank you, but I'd rather die behind the chemical sheds. Guard: Then you have no fear any more. You're completely free.

§V for Vendetta ¤ Sutler: I want this country to realize that we stand on the edge of oblivion. I want every man, woman and child to understand how close we are to chaos. I want everyone to remember why they need us!

§Raging Bull ¤ [first lines] Jake La Motta: I remember those cheers / They still ring in my ears / After years, they remain in my thoughts. / Go to one night / I took off my robe, and what'd I do? I forgot to wear shorts. / I recall every fall / Every hook, every jab / The worst way a guy can get rid of his flab. / As you know, my life wasn't drab. / Though I'd much... Though I'd rather hear you cheer / When you delve... Though I'd rather hear you cheer / When I delve into Shakespeare / "A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse", I haven't had a winner in six months. [he lights a cigar] Jake La Motta: Though I'm no Olivier / I would much rather... And though I'm no Olivier / If he fought Sugar Ray / He would say / That the thing ain't the ring, it's the play. / So give me a... stage / Where this bull here can rage / And though I could fight / I'd much rather recite /... that's entertainment.

§Raging Bull ¤ [Sugar Ray Robinson has just battered Jake La Motta half to death, but Jake has stayed on his feet] Jake La Motta: You didn't get me down, Ray.

§Raging Bull ¤ [last lines] Jake La Motta: Go get 'em, champ. [he begins shadowboxing] Jake La Motta: I'm da boss, I'm da boss, I'm da boss, I'm da boss, I'm da boss... I'm da boss, I'm da boss, I'm da boss, I'm da boss, I'm da boss, I'm da boss.

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: If you win, you win. If you lose, you still win. There's no way you can lose.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Did you fuck my wife? Joey LaMotta: What? Jake La Motta: Did you fuck my wife? Joey LaMotta: [pauses] How could you ask me a question like that? How could you ask me? I'm your brother. You asked me that? Where do you get you're balls big enough to ask me that? Jake La Motta: Just tell me. Joey LaMotta: I'm not answering you. I'm not gonna answer that. It's stupid. Jake La Motta: You're very smart, Joey. You're givin' me all these answers, but you ain't givin' me the right answer. I'm gonna ask you again: did you or did you not? Joey LaMotta: I'm not gonna answer. It's a sick question and you're a sick fuck and I'm not that sick that I'm gonna answer it. I'm not telling you anything. I'm gonna leave. If Lenore calls, tell her I went home. I'm not stayin' in this nuthouse with you. You're a sick bastard, I feel sorry for you, I really do. You know what you should do? Try a little more fuckin' and a little less eatin'. And you won't have troubles upstairs in your bedroom and you won't pick it out on me and everybody else. You understand, you fuckin' wacko? You're crackin' up! Fuckin' screw ball, you!

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: Who is this? Sal, is that you. I can hear you breathing you fuck. You listening, your mother sucks fucking big fucking elephant dicks, you got that?

§Raging Bull ¤ Vicki LaMotta: I fucked all of 'em. Tommy, Salvy, your brother. All of 'em. I sucked your brother's cock! What do you want me to say? Jake La Motta: You sucked his cock? Vicki LaMotta: Yeah, I sucked his cock. And everybody else on the fuckin' street too. What do you want? You're nothin' but a fat pig, selfish fool! [as Jake slaps Vicki and leaves] Vicki LaMotta: His fuckin' cock's bigger than yours too!

§Raging Bull ¤ Tommy Como: [after Janiro fight] He ain't pretty no more.

§Raging Bull ¤ [last title card] Title card: So, for the second time, the Pharisees summoned the man who had been blind and said: / "Speak the truth before God. / We know this fellow is a sinner." / "Whether or not he is a sinner, I do not know," / The man replied. / "All I know is this: / Once I was blind and now I can see." - John IX, 24-26 / the New English Bible

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: Hey Jack, I just explained the whole thing to you didn't I. It was between me and Salvy. If it had anything to do with Vicki I would've told you about it. Jake La Motta: That's not what I heard Joey. Joey LaMotta: What do you mean that's not what you heard? Jake La Motta: That's not what I heard. Joey LaMotta: What did you hear? Jake La Motta: I heard some things. Joey LaMotta: You heard about me and Salvy. Jake La Motta: I heard things Joey. Joey LaMotta: Yeah you heard that I cracked Salvy all around. What did you hear? Jake La Motta: I heard things Joey. I heard things. Joey LaMotta: What things you heard? Jake La Motta: I heard some things.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Don't give me that look, Joey. I gotta accept your answer, you know? But If I hear anything, I swear on our mother I'm gonna kill somebody. I'm gonna kill somebody, Joey. Joey LaMotta: [angrily] Well go ahead and kill if you're a tough guy, go kill people! Kill Vicki, kill Salvy, kill Tommy Como, kill me while you're at it, what do I care? You kill yourself, the way you eat! Ya fat fuck, look at you! Jake La Motta: What do you mean - I don't understand, kill you? Joey LaMotta: Me! Kill me, start here! Do me a fuckin' favour! Cause you're driving me crazy! You're a killer, you're a big shot, just kill. You're a killer.

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: What are ya thinkin' about? Ya keep lookin'. Where the fuck you going? You're dead! You're married! You're a married man, it's all over. Leave the young girls for me.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: [talking about Janiro] Yeah, he's a nice kid, pretty kid, don't know whether to fuck him or fight him.

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: [over the phone, when no one answers, not realizing it's Jake calling] Your mother sucks giant elephant dicks!

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: You want me to hit you? Jake La Motta: I want you to hit me with everything you got. I want you to fuckin' lay me out. Go ahead. Joey LaMotta: You sure? Jake La Motta: Yeah. Go ahead. [Joey hits Jake] Jake La Motta: Harder! [Joey hits Jake again] Jake La Motta: You throw a punch like you're takin' it up the ass. Come on. [Joey hits Jake again] Jake La Motta: Harder. [again] Jake La Motta: Harder. Harder. Joey LaMotta: That's hard! What the fuck? What do you want?

§Raging Bull ¤ [Just after Sugar Ray Robinson won an early fight (before joining the army)] Joey LaMotta: They robbed you. They're miserable because their mothers take it up their fucking ass.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Did Salvy fuck Vickie? Joey LaMotta: What? Jake La Motta: Did Salvy fuck Vickie? Joey LaMotta: Jack. Jack, don't start your shit. I mean it, don't start.

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: She ain't the kind of girl you just fuck and forget about, this girl. Jake La Motta: Joey, how many times I gotta tell ya? Why're you always cursin' when I'm talkin' to you? Don't do it around me. Do it around your friends. Joey LaMotta: She's a, the kind of girl you bang and forget about - she's not like that. You gotta spend time with her, get involved, you know... Jake La Motta: D'you bang her? Joey LaMotta: No. Jake La Motta: Tell me the truth. Joey LaMotta: I just told you the truth. I tell you the truth the first time. You don't have to ask me again. I never do that. I always tell you the truth. If I did it, you would know. I took her out a couple of times. Jake La Motta: You went out with her and you didn't try to fuck her? Joey LaMotta: I try to fuck anything.

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: They only gave him that fuckin' decision because he's goin' in the Army next week. That's the only reason. Jake La Motta: I knocked him down. I don't know what else I gotta do. I don't know what I gotta do... Joey LaMotta: You won and they robbed ya! They're miserable because their mothers take it up the fuckin' ass! That's why. Jake La Motta: I've done a lot of bad things, Joey. Maybe it's comin' back to me. Who knows? I'm a jinx maybe. Who the hell knows?

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: She says he's pretty. Joey LaMotta: Yeah, well, you make him ugly.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Who's an animal? Your mother's an animal, ya son of a bitch.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: I got these small hands. I got a little girl's hands.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Is it done? Irma: No, it's not done. Jake La Motta: Don't overcook it. You overcook it, it's no good. It defeats its own purpose. [Irma gives Jake a stern but nasty look] Jake La Motta: What are you doin'? I just said don't overcook it. You're overcookin' it, bring it over. Irma: You want your steak? Jake La Motta: Bring it over. Bring it over! It's like a piece of charcoal! Bring it over here! Irma: You want your steak? Jake La Motta: YEAH, RIGHT NOW! [Irma stabs the steak, exits the stove and slams the steak on his plate. She hastily pours carrots on the plate] Irma: Okay. There's your stupid steak. Can't wait for it to be done? Jake La Motta: No, I can't wait. Irma: Good! Okay? Happy? Happy? Jake La Motta: That's all I want. That's all I want! Irma: That's... there! No, more! There! [Jake routinely flips the table, spilling the contents all over the floor] Jake La Motta: Bodder me abott a steak? Huh? Irma: That's GREAT! Jake La Motta: YOU BODDA ME ABOTT A STEAK? Irma: YEAH!

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: [talks about Janiro] I'm gonna open his hole like this. Please excuse my French. I'm gonna make him suffer. I'm gonna make his mother wish she never had him - make him into dog meat... He's a nice, a nice kid. He's a pretty kid, too. I mean I don't know, I gotta problem if I should fuck him or fight him. Tommy Como: [laughs] You're crazy. Fuck him or fight him. Salvy Batts: If you're really in love with that fucker, just watch out. Jake La Motta: By who? Salvy Batts: Janiro. Jake La Motta: You mean, you want me to get him to fuck you? Salvy Batts: Me? Jake La Motta: Yeah. Salvy Batts: No, I don't want him to fuck me. Jake La Motta: I could do that easily. Salvy Batts: How ya gonna do that? Jake La Motta: Because I'll get youse both in a ring, I'll give youse both a fuckin' beatin', ya both can fuck each other. Salvy Batts: I get all full of blood. Jake La Motta: You're used to that.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Look at that. Look how they make me look. Like a bum, like a mammalucco. Joey LaMotta: A what? Jake La Motta: Like the mammalucco of the year.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: I heard things.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Friends. They're in a huddle. Big business meeting. By the pool, they sit around and talk. Big deals. They make sure she can hear. Big Man. Get the fuck outta here. Big shot. Get 'em all in a back room, smack 'em around, no more big shot, without his gun. They're tough guys. They're all tough guys.

§Raging Bull ¤ [to Joey] Jake La Motta: Shut up. You just shut up. I'll fucking take care of you later.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: [kiss] Take off my pants. [kiss] Jake La Motta: You got to take off my pants. Now, take off the rest. Vicki LaMotta: You made me promise not to get you excited. Jake La Motta: I can't do it. [kiss] Jake La Motta: Take off your panties. Vicki LaMotta: [Vickie kissing down Jake's torso] I like the gym smell. I like the smell of the gym. [kissing downward] Jake La Motta: No, no, no. I got to fight Robinson. I can't fool around. [gets up off the bed, goes to the bathroom, pours ice cold water on his groin]

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Why? Why'd you do it? Why? You're so stupid. You're so stupid. So fuckin' stupid. So stupid. They call me an animal. I'm not an animal! I'm not an animal. Why do they treat me like this? I'm not bad. I'm not that bad! I'm not that bad. I'm not that guy. I'm not that guy. I'm not that guy.

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: You think it's easy? Why don't you talk to him. You know what to say. Tell him. Salvy Batts: You know I can't talk to him. Joey LaMotta: Why can't you talk to him? Salvy Batts: Because he don't like me. Joey LaMotta: Yeah, nobody likes you. You ought to be used to that.

§Raging Bull ¤ Vicki LaMotta: Are you sure we should be doin' this? Jake La Motta: Come here. Vicki LaMotta: You said never to touch you before a fight. Jake La Motta: Come here, before I give you a beatin'.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Come here. Now, touch my boo-boos. Good. Boo-boo. That's it. Vicki LaMotta: Boo-ba? Jake La Motta: Boo-boo. Give the boo-boo a kiss. Make it better. Mmm.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: You know what's botherin' me? My hands. Joey LaMotta: Your hands? Jake La Motta: I got these small hands. I got little girl hands. Joey LaMotta: I got 'em too. What's the difference? Jake La Motta: You know what that means? No matter how big I get, no matter how I fight, no matter what I do, I ain't never gonna fight Joe Louis. Joey LaMotta: Yeah, that's right. He's a heavyweight. You're a middleweight. We know that. Jake La Motta: I ain't never gonna get a chance to fight the best there is. You know somethin'? I'm better than them. I ain't never gonna get a chance.

§Raging Bull ¤ Salvy Batts: You know he's got to be with Tommy to fight in New York to get a title shot. I mean, he'll wind up punch-drunk, your brother. Joey LaMotta: I know. Salvy Batts: You know? You got to make him understand it's best thing for everybody involved. Joey LaMotta: I said I know. Salvy Batts: You know? But, you got to make him know.

§Raging Bull ¤ Tommy Como: Why does he make it so hard on himself? For Christ sake, he comes to me, I'd make it easier for him. The man's got a head of rock. Joey LaMotta: You know, it's hard to explain, Tommy. Jack respects you. I mean, he don't say hello to anybody. You, he talks to. He likes you. Its just that when he gets somethin' on his mind, you know, he's got a hard head. He likes to do things his own way. I mean, Jesus Christ could come off the cross sometime, he don't give a fuck. He's gonna do what he wants to do. He wants to make it on his own, you know. He thinks he can make it on his own.

§Raging Bull ¤ Vicki LaMotta: What am I supposed to do? I'm 20 years old and I got to go home and sleep by myself every night?

§Raging Bull ¤ Comedian: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It's great to be back at the Copa Lounge. What a great audience! Come on, lady, laugh it up. I laughed when you came in. But, seriously speakin' folks, we have a special guest with us tonight. I'd like to introduce the world's leading middleweight contender. The Bronx Bull. The Raging Bull! Let's hear it for the great - Jake La Motta!

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: I'm gonna win. There's no way I'm goin' down. I don't go down for nobody.

§Raging Bull ¤ Vicki LaMotta: I feel like I'm a prisoner. I can't walk. I look at somebody the wrong way, I get smacked. Joey LaMotta: You think you're right or somethin' the way you're yellin'? Well, you're wrong! Vicki LaMotta: I am right. Joey LaMotta: No, you're wrong. Vicki LaMotta: Look, I am right. I'm tired of havin' to turn around and have both yous up my ass all the time.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: "When I come home at night, my wife's at the door with a tall drink in her hand. And she gives me a nice hot bath. Then, she gives me a nice rubdown. Then, she makes passionate love to me. Then, she makes me dinner. What more could you ask for? You ought to try that." The other friend says, "Hey, That sounds great! What time does your wife get home?"

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: [crying] What'd I do? What'd I do? What'd I do?

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Hey, Joey, you don't understand. You don't understand. I had to fight a bum. He's a bum! I fought the guy, tapped him like that, all the sudden he's like this all over the place. What have I got to do?

§Raging Bull ¤ Joey LaMotta: [to his young son] If I see you put your hands in that plate one more time, I'm going to stab you with this knife. You hear me? I told you, keep your hands outta the plate! Christ!

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: They got some balls. Some balls. I take the dive. What more do they want? Huh? They want me to go down too? I ain't goin' down. Not for nobody.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: What am I gonna do? If that's what they're gonna do, they're gonna do. What can I do? Well, fuck 'em. Let 'em do what they're gonna do.

§Raging Bull ¤ Jake La Motta: Larry!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Bacon: What's that? Samoan Joe's Barman: It's a cocktail. You asked for a cocktail. Bacon: No. I asked you to give me a refreshing drink. I wasn't expecting a fucking rainforest! You could fall in love with an orangutan in that! Samoan Joe's Barman: You want a pint, you go to the pub. Bacon: I thought this was a pub! Samoan Joes Barman: It's a Samoan pub.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Eddie: They're armed. Soap: What was that? Armed? What do you mean armed? Armed with what? Eddie: Err, bad breath, colorful language, feather duster... what do you think they're gonna be armed with? Guns, you tit!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ [first lines] Bacon: Right. Let's sort the buyers from the spyers, the needy from the greedy, and those who trust me from the ones who don't, because if you can't see value here today, you're not up here shopping. You're up here shoplifting. You see these goods? Never seen daylight, moonlight, Israelite. Fanny by the gaslight. Take a bag, c'mon take a bag. I took a bag home last night. Cost me a lot more than ten pound, I can tell you. Anyone like jewelry? Look at that one there. Handmade in Italy, hand-stolen in Stepney. It's as long as my arm. I wish it was as long as something else. Don't think because these boxes are sealed up, they're empty. The only man who sells empty boxes is the undertaker, and by the look of some of you lot today, I'd make more money with me measuring tape. Here, one price. Ten pound. Eddie: Did you say ten pound? Bacon: Are you deaf? Eddie: That's a bargain. I'll take one. Bacon: Squeeze in if you can. Left leg, right leg, your body will follow. They call it walking. You want one as well, darling? You do? That's it. They're waking up. Treat the wife. Treat somebody else's wife. It's a lot more fun if you don't get caught. Hold on. You want one as well? Okay, darling, show me a bit of life then. It's no good standing out there like one o'clock half-struck. Buy them, you better buy them. These are not stolen, they just haven't been paid for, and we can't get them again. They've changed the bloody locks. Here. One for you. It's no good coming back later when I've sold out. "Too late, too late" will be the cry when the man with the bargains has passed you by. If you got no money on you now, you'll be crying tears as big as October cabbages. Eddie: Bacon, cozzers! Bacon: Shit.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ "Hatchet" Harry: You must be Eddie, J.D.'s son. Eddie: Yeah. You must be Harry. Sorry, didn't know your father. "Hatchet" Harry: Never mind son, you just might meet him if you carry on like that.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Big Chris: It's been emotional.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Barry the Baptist: When you dance with the devil, you wait for the song to stop.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Rory Breaker: Your stupidity must be your one saving grace. Nick the Greek: Uh? Rory Breaker: Don't "uh" me Greek boy! How is it that your fucking stupid soon-to-be-dead friends thought they might be able to steal my cannabis and then sell it back to me? Is this a declaration of war? Is this some white cunt's joke that black cunts don't get? 'Cause Im not fucking laughing Ni-ko-las! Nick the Greek: [shrugs nervously] Rory Breaker: I know you couldn't have known my position 'cause you're not that stupid that if you did, you wouldn't have turned up here scratching your arse with that "what's going on here?" look slapped all over your chevy chase! But what you do know is where these people live. [rises from his chair and walks towards Nick] Rory Breaker: If you hold back anything, I'll kill ya. If you bend the truth or I think you're bending the truth, I'll kill ya. If you forget anything, I'll kill ya. In fact, you're gonna have to work very hard to stay alive, Nick. Now, do you understand everything I've just said? 'Cause if you don't, I'll kill ya! Now, Mr Bubble and Squeak, you may enlighten me. Nick the Greek: [nods nervously]

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Soap: A minute ago this was the safest job in the world. Now it's turning into a bad day in Bosnia.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Tom: Rory Breaker? Barfly Jack: Rory? Yeah I know Rory. He's not to be underestimated. He's a funny looking fucker, I know. But you've got to look past the hair and the cute, cuddly thing - it's all a deceptive facade. A few nights ago Rory's Roger iron's rusted. He's gone down the battle-cruiser to watch the end of a football game. Nobody is watching the custard so he turns the channel over. A fat geezer's north opens. He wanders up and turns the liza over. 'Now fuck off and watch it somewhere else.' Rory knows claret is imminent, but he doesn't want to miss the end of the game. So, calm as a coma, picks up a fire extinguisher, walks straight past the jam rolls who are ready for action and he plonks it outside the entrance. He then orders an Aristotle of the most ping pong tiddly in the nuclear sub and switches back to his footer. 'That's fucking it,' says the geezer. 'That's fucking what?' says Rory. And he gobs out a mouthful of booze covering fatty. He flicks a flaming match into his bird's nest and the geezer's lit up like a leaking gas pipe. Rory, unfazed, turned back to his game. His team's won too. Four-nil.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Rory Breaker: If the milk turns out to be sour, I ain't the kinda pussy to drink it. Know what I mean?

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Big Chris: I've got some bad news for you, John. John: What the fuck? [Chris closes tanning parlor on John] Big Chris: Mind your language in front of the boy! John: Jesus Christ! [Chris does it again] Big Chris: That includes blasphemy as well!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Tom: Listen to this one then; you open a company called the Arse Tickler's Faggot Fan Club. You take an advert in the back page of some gay mag, advertising the latest in arse-intruding dildos, sell it a bit with, er... I dunno, "does what no other dildo can do until now", latest and greatest in sexual technology. Guaranteed results or money back, all that bollocks. These dills cost twenty-five each; a snip for all the pleasure they are going to give the recipients. They send a cheque to the company name, nothing offensive, er, Bobbie's Bits or something, for twenty-five. You put these in the bank for two weeks and let them clear. Now this is the clever bit. Then you send back the cheques for twenty-five pounds from the real company name, Arse Tickler's Faggot Fan Club, saying sorry, we couldn't get the supply from America, they have sold out. Now you see how many of the people cash those cheques; not a single soul, because who wants his bank manager to know he tickles arses when he is not paying in cheques! Bacon: So how long do you have to wait for a return? Tom: Probably no more than four weeks. Bacon: Well what good is that if we need it in six... no, five days? Tom: Well it was still a good idea.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Eddie: Oh, and if Tom or anyone else for that matter feels like givin' them a bit of a kickin', I'm sure it won't do any harm. Soap: Yeah, little bit of pain never hurt anybody. If you know what I mean. Also, I think knives are a good idea. Big, fuck-off shiny ones. Ones that look like they could skin a crocodile. Knives are good, because they don't make any noise, and the less noise they make, the more likely we are to use them. Shit 'em right up. Makes it look like we're serious. Guns for show, knives for a pro. Tom: Soap, is there something we should know about you? Bacon: I'm not sure what's more worrying. The job or your past.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Winston: Charles, why have we got that cage? Charles: Uh, security. Winston: That's right, that's right, security. So what's the point in having it if we're not goin' fucking use it? Charles: Well, I would've used it but this is Willie and Willie lives here. Winston: Yes, but you didn't know it was Willie until you opened the door, did you? Willie: Chill, Winston, it's me. Charlie knows it's me. What's the problem? Winston: The problem, Willie, is that Charles and yourself are not the quickest of cats at the best of times. So just do as I say and keep *the fucking cage locked!* What is that? Willie: That's Gloria. Winston: Yes I know that's Gloria, what's that? Willie: Fertilizer. Winston: You went out six hours ago to buy a money counter and you come back with a semi-conscious Gloria and a bag of fertilizer. Alarm bells are ringing, Willie. Willie: We need fertilizer Winston. Winston: Mmmhmm. We also need a money counter. This money's got to be out by Thursday, I'm buggered if I'm gonna count it. Just make sure if you do need to buy sodding fertilizer you could be a bit more subtle. Willie: What do you mean? Winston: We grow copious amounts of ganja, yah? And you're carrying a wasted girl and a bag of fertilizer. You don't look like your average horti-fucking- culturalist! That's what I mean Willie.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Nick the Greek: Dunno Tom. Seems expensive. Tom: Seems? Well, this seems to be a waste of my time. That is 900 nicker in any shop you're lucky enough to find one in. And you're complaining about 200? What school of finance did you study? "It's a deal, it's a steal, it's the sale of the fucking century!" In fact, fuck it Nick, I think I'll keep it! Nick the Greek: All right all right, keep your Alans on! [Peels off notes from his wad] Nick the Greek: Here's a ton. Tom, Eddie: Jesus Christ! Eddie: You could choke a dozen donkeys on that! And you're haggling over one hundred pound? What d'you do when you're not buying stereos Nick? Finance revolutions? Nick the Greek: 100 pounds is still 100 pounds. Tom: Not when the price is 200 pounds it's not! And certainly not when you've got Liberia's deficit in your skyrocket. Tighter than a duck's butt you are. Now, c'mon. Lemme feel the fibre of your fabric.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Gary: Shotguns? What, like guns that fire shot? Barry the Baptist: Oh, you must be the brains of the operation. Yes, guns that fire shot.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Rory Breaker: Get Nick, the greasy wop, shistos, pesevengi, gamouri Greek bastard round here now, if he's still stupid enough to be on this planet!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ [after shooting each other] Gary: What the fuck are you doing here? Barry the Baptist: What the FUCK are YOU doing here?

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Barry the Baptist: Fucking northern monkeys! Lenny: I hate these fucking southern fairies!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ John: Jesus, Plank, couldn't you have got smokeless cartridges? I can't see a bloody thi - Ah! Shit! I've been shot! Dog: I don't fucking believe this! Can everyone stop gettin' shot?

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Rory Breaker: What did you shoot him with, an air rifle? Winston: Look, we grow weed. We're not mercenaries. Rory Breaker: You don't say.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Winston: Charles, get the rifle out. We're being fucked.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Eddie: The entire British empire was built on cups of tea... Soap: Yeah, and look what happened to that. Eddie: ...And if you think I'm going to war without one, mate, you're mistaken.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Dog: I'll find you... I'll find you. Bacon: 'Course you will sweetheart! [Ties Dog's hands behind him] Dog: I'll find you. Bacon: What d'you think this is? Fucking hide and seek?

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Barry the Baptist: Hello son, would you like a lolly? Little Chris: Piss off, you nonce!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Soap: What do they say about assumption being the brother of all fuck-ups? Tom: It's the mother of all fuck-ups, stupid! Soap: Brother, mother, any other sucker. It don't make any difference. They're still fucking guns and they still fire fucking bullets!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Tom: Well, he can afford to do the deal at the price we're selling. It's not worth him giving us any trouble cause he knows we'll be a pain in the arse. Soap: I'd take a pain in the arse for half a million quid. Tom: You'd take a pain in the arse for air miles. Soap: Tom, the fatter you get, the sadder you get. Eddie: Will you two stop flirting for a minute?

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Don: I'll fold. Phil: Fold? Is that the only word they taught you at school, Donald? Don: No Phil, they also taught me the word cunt!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Big Chris: [Big Chris has just explained that Eddie is in debt with Hatchet Harry] I understand if this has come as a bit of a shock. But let me tell you how this can be resolved by you, a good father. JD: Go on. Big Chris: He likes your bar. JD: Yes? Big Chris: He wants your bar. JD: And? Big Chris: Do you want me to draw you a picture?

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Little Chris: Fuckin' hell John, do you always walk around with this in your pocket? Big Chris: Hey! You use language like that again son, you'll wish you hadn't!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Tom: There's no money, there's no weed. It's all been replaced by a pile of corpses.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Rory Breaker: Is this some white cunts joke that black cunts don't get? 'Cause I'm not fucking laughing Nicholas.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Plank: Ah! They fucking shot me! Dog: Well, fucking shoot 'em back!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ [Discussing their careers as marijuana growers] J: I've a strong suspicion we should have been rocket scientists, or Nobel Peace Prize winners or something. Charles: Peace Prize? Ooh. Be lucky to find your penis for a piss, the amount you keep smoking.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Soap: You're not funny, Tom. You're fat, and look as though you should be, but you're not.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Dog: What the fuck is that? Mickey: It's me Bren gun. Dog: Couldn't you have thought of something more practical?

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Bacon: Once there was this geezer called Smithy Robinson, who worked for Harry. It was rumoured that he was on the take. Harry's invited Smithy round for an explanation. Smithy didn't do a very good job. Within a minute, Harry's lost his rag, reached out for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a 15 inch black rubber cock. He's then proceeded to batter poor Smithy to death with it. Now that was seen as a pleasant way to go. Hence, Hatchet Harry is a man you pay if you owe.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Eddie: Tom, you take those guns and you throw them off a bridge. Bacon: And throw yourself off while you're at it.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Big Chris: All right, son: roll them guns up, count the money, and put your seat belt on.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ [haggling with Tom] Nick the Greek: What else does it come with? Tom: It comes with a gold-plated Rolls Royce, as long as you pay for it.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Barry the Baptist: Lock, stock, the fuckin' lot.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ JD: I do know your reputation. So I choose my words very carefully. You tell Harry to go fuck himself. Big Chris: Now... I'll put that down to shock. Only once.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Eddie: I don't know. What I do know is there's no more Harry. Which means there's no more debt. And if there's no more debt, there's no more problem. And there's no problem with the neighbors... because they're all dead. And I think, if I get this right, we haven't done anything wrong... we're in the clear.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Dog: So we've got a bit of a problem, ain't we? In fact, this is a bit more than a bit of a problem. I'd say it's the Mount fucking Everest of problems! And the reason it's such a fucking monstrosity of a problem is, *you haven't got the first idea who did this to us, have ya*? Plank: We've been up all night. It's no one from round here. We've had 'em all lined up against the wall. If it was a toerag from the manor, we'd know. Dog: [screaming] You'd know? You'd fucking know? You wouldn't know if it was the next door *fucking* neighbours! Get out there and find them! I'm sick of the fucking sight of ya! [Kicks Plank's head through a wall, revealing a set of listening equipment]

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Rory Breaker: Now watch out for these fellas. They've got a bit of an arsenal, and they don't mind using it.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Nick the Greek: Just get me a sample. Tom: No can do. Nick the Greek: What's that? Some place near Katmandu? Meet me halfway, mate.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Gary: So who's the gov'? Who we doing this for? Barry the Baptist: You're doing it for me, that's all you need to know. You know because you need to know. Gary: I see. One of them "on a need to know basis" things is it. Like one of them James Bond films. Barry the Baptist: Careful. Remember who's giving you this job.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Soap: A little bit of pain never hurt anybody, if you know what I mean.

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Big Chris: [after rear-ending Eddie outside of Harry's] You alright, mate? [Spots the bag of money he just gave to Harry in Eddie's lap] Big Chris: Cheeky bastard!

§Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ¤ Eddie: Twenty grand, open. "Hatchet" Harry: Thirty thousand. Back to you, already-Eddie. Eddie: Fifty grand. "Hatchet" Harry: Eighty grand. Eddie: One hundred grand. Player: Whoa, whoa, whoa, look fellas, I know... "Hatchet" Harry: I know you're not in. Which means, no-one cares what you know.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Pablo Sandoval: A guy can change anything. His face, his home, his family, his girlfriend, his religion,his God. But there's one thing he can't change. He can't change his passion...

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Ricardo Morales: If you keep going over the past, you're going to end up with a thousand pasts and no future.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Ricardo Morales: Choose carefully. Memories are all we end up with. At least pick the nice ones.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Ricardo Morales: You said life.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Benjamín Esposito: You see? I don't want to miss another chance. How is it possible? How can I do nothing about it? I've been asking myself for 25 years and I've only been able to come up with one answer. "Forget it, it was another lifetime. It's over, don't ask." It wasn't another lifetime. It was this one. It is this one. Now I want to understand. How can someone live an empty life? How do you live a life full of nothing?

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Irene Menéndez Hastings: My whole life I've looked forward. "Backwards" is out of my jurisdiction. I declare myself incompetent.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Ricardo Morales: The worst part is I'm starting to forget. I have to constantly make myself remember her. Every day. The day she was killed, Liliana made me tea with lemon. I'd been coughing all night and she said it would help. I remember those stupid things. Can you see? Then I start having doubts and I don't remember if it was lemon or honey in the tea. And I don't know if it's a memory or a memory of a memory I'm left with.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ [last lines] [English subtitles] Irene Menéndez Hastings: It'll be complicated. Benjamín Esposito: I don't care. Irene Menéndez Hastings: Shut the door.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ [first words, handwritten, from English subtitles] Benjamín Esposito: He ran to the end of the train and watched as her figure, once gigantic, now shrank in his eyes, but grew more than ever in his heart.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Isidoro Gómez: Please. Tell him... Tell him at least to talk to me. Please...

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Pablo Sandoval: Ma'am, did a saint die this morning? Irene Menéndez Hastings: Why? Pablo Sandoval: Because an angel in mourning just walked through the door. Irene Menéndez Hastings: It's just a trick we angels have to look five pounds lighter. Benjamín Esposito: [to Pablo, after Irene walks off] You smooth fucker.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Benjamín Esposito: How's the irresistible smile that you said you got? Cause I never saw it. Irene Menéndez Hastings: Of couse you didn't. I only use it with my fiancé.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ [first lines] [English subtitles] Benjamín Esposito: [voiceover] On June 21st, 1974, Ricardo Morales had breakfast with Liliana Coloto for the last time. For the rest of his life he'd remember every single detail of that morning. Planning their first vacation... Drinking tea with lemon for his nagging cough... with his usual lump and a half of sugar. The fresh berry jam he'd never taste again. The flowers printed on her nightgown... and especially, her smile. That smile like the sunrise... blending in with the sunlight on her left cheek...

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Benjamín Esposito: The truth is I don't know what to do. Morales gets worse by the day, the murderer knows that we're looking for him, I have a judge who is a moron, I want to kill Irene. And the only guy I can trust in the whole world is a drunk, a fucking asshole. I have an edge... small, but it's an edge... today is the 28th, isn't it? The drunk asshole hasn't been paid this month's salary yet, and the last month's gone, drank. So when the bartender wants to collect the bill the guy is going to face a dilemma: Either he says he has no money, and goes to jail, push comes to shove, there is a big mess, and his wife finally kicks him out of his house. Or he turns to the asshole of his boss, that would be me, and asks him to pay. But there's a catch: the boss is an asshole, but not such a big one, so he's going to pay... again, but he wants a favor in return. And the drunk asshole won't be able to say no, right?

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Benjamín Esposito: The eyes speak... speak for nothing, better to shut up.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Benjamín Esposito: The broad comes through the door and you already have some smooth talk ready for her to melt. How do you do it? Pablo Sandoval: What happens, Benjamin, is that you see me here dressed as a frog, but I'm actually Prince Charming.

§The Secret in Their Eyes ¤ Pablo Sandoval: The dog probably had rabies. You're gonna die.

§Inside Out ¤ [Joy looks down into the memory dump and sees Bing Bong jumping for joy] Bing Bong: You made it! Go! Go save Riley! [Joy watches Bing Bong start to fade away] Bing Bong: Take her to the moon for me. Okay?

§Inside Out ¤ Sadness: Crying helps me slow down and obsess over the weight of life's problems.

§Inside Out ¤ Anger: [seeing slices of pizza with only broccoli on top] Anger: Congratulations San Francisco, you've ruined pizza! First the Hawaiians, and now YOU!

§Inside Out ¤ Joy: Oh no! These Facts and Opinions look so similar! Bing Bong: Don't worry about it. Happens all the time.

§Inside Out ¤ Sadness: [in trailer; Joy is walking through Riley's mind, carrying the memory spheres] It's long term memory... you'll get lost in there. Joy: [calling over her shoulder] C'mon! Think positive! Sadness: Okay... [pause] Sadness: I'm positive that you'll get lost in there!

§Inside Out ¤ Bing Bong: [Seeing a memory image of 11-year-old Riley] Whoa. Is this Riley? [Joy looks at the image and nods] Bing Bong: She's so big now. She won't fit in my rocket. How're we gonna get to the moon?" Joy: Oh, it's that time in the twisty tree, remember? The hockey team showed up and Mom and Dad were there cheering. Look at her, having fun and laughing. It's my favorite. Sadness: I love that one, too. Joy: Atta girl! Now you're getting it! Sadness: Yeah, it was the day the Prairie Dogs lost the big playoff game. Riley missed the winning shot. She felt awful. She wanted to quit. Sorry, I went sad again, didn't I?

§Inside Out ¤ [from trailer] Riley: [Disgust pushes a button and pulls a short lever] School was great, all right? Fear: What was that? I though you said we were gonna "act casual". Mom: Riley! Is everything okay? [Riley sighs] Father's Fear: Sir, she just rolled her eyes at us! Father's Anger: All right, make a show of force, I don't want to have to put the foot down. Father's Fear: No! Not the foot... Dad: Riley, I do not like this new attitude. Anger: Oh, I'll show you attitude, old man! Fear: No! no, no! Stay happy! [He gets punched by Anger, and Anger pushes a red button hard] Riley: What is your problem? Just leave me alone! Mother's Sadness: Sir, reporting high levels of sass! Father's Anger: Take it to DEFCON 2! Riley: DEFCON 2! Dad: I don't know where this disrespectful attitude came from. Anger: You want a piece of this, Pops? Riley: Yeah, well... Father's Anger: Prepare the foot! Father's Fear: Keys to safety position! [Father's emotions unlocks the foot and Father Fear is about to ready to hit the red button] Father's Fear: Ready to launch on your command, sir! Riley: [Anger hardly yells and pulls the lever as the explosion on the top of his head is on fire] Just shut up! Father's Anger: Fire! [Father Fear pushes the red button that releases the foot down] Dad: That's it! Go to your room! [Riley storms off] Father's Fear: The foot is down. The foot is down. Whoo! [Father's emotions cheered] Father's Anger: Good job, gentleman. That could have been a disaster. Mother's Sadness: Well, that was a disaster.

§Inside Out ¤ Sadness: I'm too sad to walk. Just give me a few... hours.

§Inside Out ¤ Fear: All right! We did not die today, I call that an unqualified success.

§Inside Out ¤ Fear: Maybe it was a bear? Disgust: There are no bears in San Francisco. Anger: I saw a really hairy guy, he looked like a bear.

§Inside Out ¤ Clown's Joy: Six years of drama school... for this.

§Inside Out ¤ [from trailer] Bing Bong: Come on, group hug! You too, Anger. Anger: Don't touch me.

§Inside Out ¤ [Riley is on the verge of tears after attempting to run away back to Minnesota after feeling very homesick] Riley: I... I know you don't want me to, but... I miss home. I miss Minnesota. You need me to be happy, but I want my old friends, and my hockey team. I wanna go home. Please don't be mad. [Riley's mother and father stare sadly at their daughter] Mom: Oh, sweetie... Dad: We're not mad. You know what? I miss Minnesota too. I miss the woods where we took hikes. Mom: And the backyard where we used to play. Dad: Spring Lake, where you used to skate. [Riley breaks down in tears] Dad: Come here. [Riley, her mother, and her father all embrace in a group hug, consoling Riley]

§Inside Out ¤ Dad: [Trying to feed Riley broccoli] Here we go. All right, open. Joy: Hmm... this looks new. Fear: Think it's safe? Sadness: What is it? Disgust: Okay, caution, there is a dangerous smell, people. Hold on, what is that? That is not brightly colored or shaped like a dinosaur, hold on guys... it's... broccoli! [presses buttons] Riley: Yukee! [flips bowl of broccoli on Dad] Disgust: Well, I just saved our lives. Yeah, you're welcome. Dad: Riley, if you don't eat your dinner you're not gonna get any dessert. Anger: Wait, did he just say we couldn't have dessert? [paces angrily] Anger: So that's how you wanna play it, old man? No dessert? Oh sure, we'll eat our dinner, right after you eat THIS! [presses buttons] Riley: [starts crying and screaming] Dad: Riley, Riley, here comes an airplane. Anger: Oh, airplane. We got an airplane, everybody. Joy, Fear, Sadness, Disgust: Ooooh! [Riley eats broccoli]

§Inside Out ¤ [as Riley is about to become permanently depressed, Joy and Sadness arrive back at Headquarters by flinging themselves into the window. They manage to hold on for dear life] Disgust: It's Joy! [Anger runs off to grab a chair] Anger: Stand back! [Anger violently throws the chair at the window, to no avail] Disgust: That worked. [Anger begins to get irritated and his head begins to smoulder] Anger: Well, what would you do if you're so smart? [Disgust smiles, realizing the opportunity] Disgust: I'd tell you, but you're too dumb to understand. Anger: WHAT? Disgust: Of course your tiny brain is confused. Guess I'LL just have to dumb it down to your level! [as Anger's head begins to smoulder even more, he looks at Disgust in complete rage] Disgust: Sorry I don't speak moron as well as you, but lemme try! Duuuuuhhhhhh! [Anger begins to scream in rage as flames erupt from the top of his head] Anger: ARRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHH! [Disgust flips on a visor helmet and holds Anger against the window. The flames shooting out of the top of his head break the window. Fear and Disgust help Joy and Sadness inside]

§Inside Out ¤ Joy: Hey, look! The Golden Gate Bridge! Isn't that great? It's not made out of solid gold like we thought, which is kind of a disappointment, but still! Fear: I sure am glad you told me earthquakes are a myth, Joy. Otherwise I'd be terrified right now! Joy: Uh... yeah...

§Inside Out ¤ [first lines] Joy: Do you ever look at someone and wonder, "What is going on inside their head?" Well, I know. Well, I know Riley's head.

§Inside Out ¤ Mind Worker Cop Jake: So, you're saying your husband was blown away by an elephant. Was he with anyone? Cloud Woman: Yes! And there she is! [Joy runs through the Cloud Woman, causing her to disappear] Mind Worker Cop Jake: Hey, come back here! Mind Worker Cop: Forget it, Jake. [He removes his sunglasses] Mind Worker Cop: It's Cloudtown.

§Inside Out ¤ Anger: We should lock the door and scream that curse word we know. It's a good one!

§Inside Out ¤ [Joy and Bing Bong have fallen into the Memory Dump and are suck down there, doomed to be forgotten forever. Joy tried fruitlessly to climb up the piles of old memories to get out] Bing Bong: Joy? Joy, what are you doing, would ya stop it, please? [Joy ignores his pleas and keeps trying to get out, once again, to no avail] Bing Bong: DON'T YA GET IT JOY? WE'RE STUCK DOWN HERE! We're forgotten... [Joy pauses to realize her situation. In the background, the discarded sad core memory of Riley breaking down into tears on her first day at school begins to play] Riley: [in the memory orb] We... used to play tag... and stuff... [Joy walks over to the memory, and holds it sombrely] Riley: [in the memory orb] But... everything is different now. Since we moved... [the memory keeps playing the "video" of Riley's emotional breakdown at school. Joy keeps staring at the memory orb, in complete helpless despair. She sits down and begins to stifle tears. The sound of a discarded memory of Riley happily coloring as a toddler begins to play next to Joy, who picks it up and looks at it with a sad smile before tearing up] Joy: Do you remember how she used to stick her tongue out when she was colouring? [Joy continues to fight back tears. She picks up another memory orb, this time of a younger Riley telling a story to her parents] Joy: I could listen to her stories, all day... [Joy picks up another memory of Riley playing in her backyard as a toddler. Joy's eyes well up with tears, but she keeps holding back] Joy: I just wanted Riley to be happy... [Joy picks up the sad core memory of Riley crying in school. As he looks at it, she begins to sob, and completely breaks down into hopeless tears while Bing Bong sadly looks on. Joy's tears fall onto the happy memory orb of Riley after the Prairie Dog hockey game. As Joy wipes the tear off of it, she scrolls through the memory to see it was previously a sad memory turned happy. The sad portion consists of Riley sitting sadly with her parents on a tree branch. Curiously, Joy "rewinds" the memory to the point where Mom and Dad came to Riley to comfort her. Joy begins to hear Sadness's description of the memory in her head] Sadness: [v.o] It was the day the Prairie Dogs lost the big playoff game. Riley missed the winning shot, she felt awful. She wanted to quit. [Joy scrolls through the memory to see the blue sad memory of her and her parents turn a happy yellow when Riley's friends come to cheer her on] Joy: Sadness... Mom and Dad... the team. They came to help... because of Sadness.

§Inside Out ¤ Anger: [after Joy and Sadness are ejected] Can I say that curse word now?

§Inside Out ¤ Bing Bong: D, A, N, G, E, R, SHORTCUT!

§Inside Out ¤ Disgust: What's "poo-ber-tee"?

§Inside Out ¤ [Joy makes Riley laugh for the first time] Joy: [voiceover] It was amazing! Just Riley and me, forever. [Riley suddenly starts crying] Joy: [voiceover] Um, for thirty-three seconds. [Joy looks down, and sees Sadness operating Riley's control panel] Sadness: I'm Sadness. Joy: Oh, hello! Uh, I'm Joy. So, could I just... If you could... I just wanna fix that. Thanks. [Joy nudges Sadness aside and tries to push the button, only for Sadness to nudge back and push the button again] Joy: [voiceover] And that was just the beginning! Headquarters only got more crowded from there.

§Inside Out ¤ Fear: [Watching Riley's dream] Let me guess, we have no pants on. Girl: Hey look! She came to school with no pants on! Fear: Called it!

§Inside Out ¤ [when trying to get out of The Dump, Joy looks at the blue Core Memory and looks at a forgotten memory] Joy: Do you remember how she used to stick her tongue out when she was colouring? [Joy picks another forgotten memory up and looks at it] Joy: I could listen to her stories, all day. [Joy picks up a third one] Joy: I just wanted Riley to be happy... [holding the three forgotten memories and the blue Core Memory, she breaks down into tears]

§Inside Out ¤ Sadness: Aww, participation award.

§Inside Out ¤ Sadness: Remember the funny movie where the dog died?

§Inside Out ¤ [Riley accidentally knocks into a boy at a hockey rink, causing him to drop his drink, which she picks up for him] Riley: Sorry. [the boy's emotions freak out, with an alarm sounding, "Girl. Girl. Girl."] Riley: Uh... Okay. Bye.

§Inside Out ¤ Joy: Hey! Hey, look at me. Did you mean what you said before? Riley's Imaginary Boyfriend: I would die for Riley. I would die for Riley. Joy: Yeah, yeah, okay, haircut. Time to prove it! [stuffs him in a bag]

§Inside Out ¤ [Joy begins the new day by waking up all the emotions with an accordion] Joy: Hello! Did I wake you? Anger: Did you have to play that? Joy: Well, I have to practice. And I don't think of it as playing so much as hugging. [Joy lovingly hugs the accordion before tossing it away. She rushes down the stairs in excitement] Joy: Okay, first day of school! Very, very exciting! I was up late last night figuring out a new plan. Here it is. [Fear walks by writing on a notepad] Joy: Fear! I need a list of all the possible negative outcomes on the first day at a new school. Fear: Way ahead of you there. Does anyone know how to spell "meteor?" [Disgust walks by putting on makeup] Joy: Disgust! Make sure Riley stands out today... but also blends in. Disgust: When I'm through, Riley will look so good the other kids will look at their own outfits and barf. Joy: Joy! [Joy steps aside and begins to talk to "herself"] Joy: Yes, Joy? Joy: You'll be in charge of the console, keeping Riley happy all day long. And may I add I love your dress, it's adorable. [Joy begins to happily twirl around] Joy: Oh, This ol' thing? Thank you so much, I love the way it twirls...

§Inside Out ¤ [Anger has just gotten an idea to make Riley happy again] Anger: Wait a minute. WAIT A MINUTE! [He goes over to the shelf and browses for a second before grabbing an idea bulb] Anger: AH-HA! Ho ho ho! Fear: What is it? Anger: Oh nothing. Just the best idea ever! Disgust: What? Anger: All the good core memories were made in Minnesota. Ergo, we go back to Minnesota and make more. TA DA! Fear: Wait wait wait, you're saying we... run away? Anger: Well, I wouldn't call it that, I'd call it the "Happy Core Memory Development Program"! Fear: You can't be serious! Anger: Hey! Our life was perfect until Mom and Dad decided to move to... San Fran-Stinktown! Fear: But... But I mean, it's just so drastic... Anger: Need I remind you of how great things were there? [Anger walks over to the console and begins typing to call up a memory] Anger: Our room... Our backyard... Our friends! [a memory comes up. It is the TripleDent Gum commercial. Its annoying jingle begins to play] Anger: DID I ASK FOR THE GUM COMMERCIAL? [Anger slams down on the console, ending the memory's playback abruptly] Anger: Anyway, it was better, that's my point.

§Inside Out ¤ Anger: [Upon seeing the bumper-to-bumper traffic in San Francisco] These are my kind of people!

§Inside Out ¤ Additional Voices: [During dream sequence] Eat us! We're organic!

§Inside Out ¤ Disgust: Okay, we've got a group of cool girls at 2 o'clock. Joy: How do you know? Disgust: Double ears pierced, infinity scarf. Joy: Whoa, is she wearing eye shadow? Disgust: Yeah, we wanna be friends with them. Joy: Let's go talk to them. Disgust: Are you kidding? We're not talking to them. We want them to like us! Joy: Oh, yeah. Wait, what?

§Inside Out ¤ [last lines] Joy: [narrating] We've been through a lot lately, that's for sure. But we still love our girl. She has great new friends, a great new house. Things couldn't be better. After all, Riley's twelve now. What could happen?

§Inside Out ¤ [Riley's Mind World has expanded] Fear: Hey, I'm liking this new view. Anger: Friendship Island has expanded. Glad they finally opened that Friendly Argument section. Sadness: I like Tragic Vampire Romance Island. Disgust: Fashion Island? Oh, everyone shut up. Fear: Boy Band Island? Hope that's just a phase. Joy: Say what you want, I think it's all beautiful. Fritz: All right. Here you go. Your new expanded console is up and runnin'. Disgust: Cool! Upgrade! Fear: Hey! [Fear touches a button for censoring] Fear: Whoops, wait. Did I just do that? Disgust: Hey, guys? What's pub-er-ty? Joy: I don't know. It's probably not important. Anger: Whoa, I have access to the entire curse word library! This new console is the - -! [Fear censors the curse word Anger said] Fear: Sorry. I did it again. My bad.

§Inside Out ¤ [from trailer] Disgust: I'm Joy, this is Sadness, that's Anger, this is Disgust. Disgust: Ugh... Joy: And that's Fear. Fear: Ahhh! Look out!

§Inside Out ¤ Anger: This is ridiculous! We can't even get a good night's sleep anymore. Time to take action! [Anger grabs an idea bulb from the shelf] Anger: Stupid Mom and Dad. If they hadn't moved us, none of this would have happened. Who's with me? [Anger gestures the idea to Fear] Fear: Um... mmmmmmmmm... Nnnnnnnn... no. [Anger gestures the idea to Disgust] Disgust: ...Yeah, okay. Let's do it. [Anger puts the idea bulb into the console. Outside, Riley gets the idea and opens up her laptop] Anger: She took it. There is no turning back. Disgust: So... how are we going to get to Minnesota from here? Anger: Well, why don't we go down to the elephant lot and rent an elephant? Fear: Hey! That sounds nice! Anger: WE'RE TAKING THE BUS, NITWIT! [Riley is looking up bus information on the San Francisco Greyhound Bus website] Anger: There is a bus leaving tomorrow. Perfect! Disgust: A ticket costs money. How do we get money? Anger: Mom's purse. [Disgust gasps in horror] Disgust: You wouldn't! Anger: Oh, but I would. Where was it we saw it last? [Anger recalls a memory of where the purse was. However, the memory of the Triple Dent Gum commercial comes up and its annoying song begins to play. Anger immediately becomes annoyed and slams on the console, startling Fear] Anger: NO!

§Inside Out ¤ Mom: Your dad's under a lot of pressure, but if you and I can keep smiling, it would be a big help. We can do that for him. Right?

§Inside Out ¤ Joy: [Looking over the Memory Dump she's about to fall toward] This is a really bad idea! No, Joy. Think positive... [pauses] Joy: I'm positive this is crazy! [Falls toward a trampoline down below]

§Inside Out ¤ [as Riley lies in her sleeping bag, a truck loudly drive by outside. The headlights can be seen shining through the room. Riley hides under the sleeping bag in fear] Fear: What was that? Was it a bear? It's a bear! Disgust: There are no bears in San Francisco! Anger: I saw a really hairy guy. He looked like a bear. Fear: Oh, I'm so jumpy, my nerves are shot! Disgust: Ew, I don't want to hear about your nerves! Anger: I'll tell you what it is. This move has been a bust. Fear: That's what I've been telling you guys! There are at least 37 things for Riley to be scared of right now! Disgust: The smell alone is enough to make her gag. Anger: I can't believe Mom and Dad moved us here! Joy: Look, I get it. You guys have concerns. But we've been through worse! Tell you what: let's make a list of all the things Riley should be HAPPY about! Anger: Fine. Let's see... this house stinks, our room stinks... Disgust: Pizza is weird here... Sadness: Our friends are back home... Fear: And all of our stuff is in the missing van! Joy: Oh c'mon, it could be worse... Disgust: Yeah, Joy. We could be lying on the dirty floor. In a bag. Joy: Okay, I admit it, we had a rough start. But think of all the good things that... Anger: No, Joy. There's absolutely no reason for Riley to be happy right now. Let us handle this. Fear: I say we skip school tomorrow and lock ourselves in the bedroom. Disgust: We have no clean clothes. I mean, no one should see us. Sadness: Yeah, we could cry until we can't breathe. Anger: We should lock the door and scream that curse word we know. It's a good one!

§Inside Out ¤ Mom: The drive out was pretty fun. What was your favourite bit? Anger: Spitting out the car window! Disgust: Definitely not when Dad was singing. Fear: Wearing a seat belt!

§Inside Out ¤ Joy: Sadness! Sadness? Come on, Sadness, where are you? Okay, if I were Sadness, where would I be? [as Sadness] Joy: Oh, everything is awful, and my legs don't work, and you have to drag me around while I touch all the... [she spots a row of memory orbs that Sadness has touched and follows it]

§Inside Out ¤ Cool Girl's Emotions: Being cool is exhausting.

§Inside Out ¤ [Sadness goes over to Bing Bong, who is sitting at the edge of the Memory Dump dejectedly] Sadness: I'm sorry they took your rocket. They took something you loved. Bing Bong: It's gone. Forever. Joy: Sadness! Don't make him feel worse! Sadness: [to Joy] Sorry. Bing Bong: It's all I had left of Riley. Sadness: I bet you and Riley had great adventures. Bing Bong: [choking up] Oh, they were wonderful. Once we flew back in time. We had breakfast twice that day. Joy: [annoyed] Sadness! Sadness: It sounds amazing. I bet Riley liked it. Bing Bong: She did. We were best friends. Sadness: Yeah. It's sad. [Bing Bong hugs Sadness tightly and sobs] Bing Bong: I'm okay now. Come on. The train station is this way.

§Inside Out ¤ Jangles: Who's the birthday girl? [Fear screams like a little girl and faints]

§Inside Out ¤ Bing Bong: We're taking the Train of Thought. Joy: The Train! Of course. That is so much faster, but how do we catch it? Bing Bong: Well, it kind of goes all over the place.

§Inside Out ¤ Disgust: [Seeing Riley about to eat a grape she dropped] Whoa, no way! We are not eating that. Joy: Disgust, it's fine. It passed the five-second rule. Disgust: The grape touched the ground. It's poison. Joy: Oh, come on. It barely touched the ground. Disgust: Wait, what? You know what else 'barely' touches the ground? Stray dogs! Joy: [wrestling the control lever back and forth with Disgust, causing Riley to stop and start putting the grape in her mouth] Hold on! Disgust: Toenail clippings! Roadkill! Hippies! Joy: No! Disgust: Dung beetles! Joy: Stop it! Fear: Uh, shouldn't we do something? Anger: Haha, no. Joy: It's a *grape*! It's not like we're eating broccoli. Disgust: Ugh, don't even go there. Joy: Or boogers. Disgust: You're evil! [she gags and runs off] Joy: Or dog food. Disgust: [distantly] Shut your mouth! [Joy pulls the lever causing Riley to pop the grape in her mouth]

§Inside Out ¤ Subconscious Guard Frank: My hat feels loose. Subconscious Guard Dave: L, let me see. Subconscious Guard Frank: You got my hat? or, or is that your hat? Subconscious Guard Dave: Yeah, It's my hat. Subconscious Guard Frank: You sure? I don't know, look in the label. Subconscious Guard Dave: Yeah it says "My hat". Subconscious Guard Frank: Wait, it, it says "My hat"? Subconscious Guard Dave: "My hat" it says. Subconscious Guard Frank: That's what I wrote in my hat. Subconscious Guard Dave: What are you talking about? Subconscious Guard Frank: You've got my hat on. Subconscious Guard Dave: Okay, but it's my handwriting. Subconscious Guard Dave: [a few minutes go by inside the room where they keep Riley's darkest fears] Okay, but, it's my handwriting. Subconscious Guard Frank: No it isn't. That's my handwrit... I wrote that! Subconscious Guard Dave: No, but this one's my handwriting.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: Hey fuckhead! Dixon: What? Desk Sergeant: Don't say what, Dixon. When she comes in calling you a "fuckhead."

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: So how's it all going in the nigger- torturing business, Dixon? Dixon: It's 'Persons of color'-torturing business, these days, if you want to know. And I didn't torture nobody.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Angela: Why are you never on my side, Robbie? Robbie: I'm always on your side when you're not being a cunt! Angela, Mildred Hayes: Hey! Mildred Hayes: There will be no more "cunts" in this house. You got that, mister? Robbie: What? Are you moving out?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: Y'know what I was thinking about today? I was thinking 'bout those street gangs they had down in Los Angeles, those Crips and those Bloods? I was thinking about that buncha new laws they came up with, in the 1980's I think it was, to combat those street-gangs, those Crips and those Bloods. And, if I remember rightly, the gist of what those new laws were saying was if you join one of these gangs, and you're running with 'em, and down the block one night, unbeknownst to you, one of your fellow Crips, or your fellow Bloods, shoot up a place, or stab a guy, well then, even though you didn't know nothing about it, and even though you may've just been standing on a streetcorner minding your own business, what these new laws said was you're still culpable. You're still culpable, by the very act of joining those Crips, or those Bloods, in the first place. Which got me thinking, Father, that whole type of situation is kinda like your Church boys, ain't it? You've got your colors, you've got your clubhouse, you're, for want of a better word, a gang. And if you're upstairs smoking a pipe and reading a bible while one of your fellow gang members is downstairs fucking an altar boy then, Father, just like those Crips, and just like those Bloods, you're culpable. Cos you joined the gang, man. And I don't care if you never did shit or you never saw shit or you never heard shit. You joined the gang. You're culpable. And when a person is culpable to altar-boy-fucking, or any kinda boy-fucking, I know you guys didn't really narrow that down, then they kinda forfeit the right to come into my house and say anything about me, or my life, or my daughter, or my billboards. So, why don't you just finish your tea there, Father, and get the fuck outta my kitchen.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: My Darling Anne, There's a longer letter in the dresser drawer I've been writing for the last week or so, that one covers us, and my memories of us, and how much I've always loved you. This one just covers tonight, and more importantly, today. Tonight I have gone out to the horses to end it. I cannot say sorry for the act itself, although I know for a short time you will be angry at me, or even hate me for it. Please don't. This is not a case of, I came in this world alone and I'm goin' out of it alone, or anything dumb like that. I did not come in this world alone, my mom was there. And I am not goin' out of it alone, 'cause you were there, drunk on the couch, making Oscar Wilde cock jokes. No, this is a case, in some senses, of bravery. Not the bravery of facing a bullet down. The next few months of pain would be far harder than that small flash. No, it's the bravery of weighing up the next few months of still being with you, still waking up with you, of playing with the kids... Against the next few months of seeing in your eyes how much my pain is killing you. How my weakened body, as it ebbs away, and you tend to it, are your final and lasting memories of me. I won't have that. Your final memories of me will be us at the riverside, and that dumb fishing game, which I think they cheated at. And me inside of you, and you on top of me... And barely a fleeting thought, of the darkness yet to come. That was the best Anne. A whooole day of not thinking about it. Dwell on this day baby, 'cause it was the best day of my life. Kiss the girls for me, and know that I've always loved you... And maybe I'll see ya again if there's another place, and if there ain't... Well, it's been heaven knowing you. Your Boy, Bill

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: This didn't put an end to shit, you fucking retard; this is just the fucking start. Why don't you put that on your Good Morning Missouri fucking wake up broadcast, bitch?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: Dear Mildred, Dead Man Willoughby here. Firstly, I wanted to apologize for dyin' without catchin' your daughter's killer. It's a source of great pain to me and it would break my heart to think you thought I didn't care. 'Cause I did care. There are just some cases, where you never catch a break. Then 5 years down the line, some guy hears some other guy braggin' about it in a barroom or a jail cell. The whole thing is wrapped up through sheer stupidity. I hope that might be true for Angela, I really do. Second, I got to admit Mildred, the billboards were a great fucking idea. They were like a chess move. And although they had absolutely nothing to do with my dyin'... I will assume almost everyone in town will assume that they did. Which is why, for Willoughby's counter-move, I decided to pay the next month's rent on 'em. I thought it'd be funny, you having to defend them a whooole 'nother month after they've stuck me in the ground. The joke is on you Mildred. Ha ha, and I hope they do not kill you. So good luck with all that, and good luck with everything else too. I hope and I pray that you get him.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: Hey, Dixon? Dixon: Yeah? Mildred Hayes: I need to tell you something... It was me that burned down the police station. Dixon: Well, who the hell else would it have been?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Robbie: You old cunt! Mildred Hayes: I'm not old, Robbie.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: Jason, Willoughby here. I'm dead now, sorry about that. There's something I wanted to say to you that I never really said when I was alive. I think you've got the makings of being a really good cop, Jason, and you know why? Because, deep down, you're a decent man. I know you don't think I think that, but I do, dipshit. I do think you're too angry though, and I know it's all since your dad died and you had to go look after your mom and all, but as long as you hold on to so much hate, then I don't think you're ever going to become, what I know you want to become - a detective. 'Cause you know what you need to become a detective? And I know you're gonna wince when I say this, but what you need to become a detective is love. Mildred Hayes: Fuck 'em. [Mildred starts throwing Molatov cocktails at the police station, unaware that Dixon is inside it reading Willoughby's letter] Willoughby: Because through love comes calm, and through calm comes thought. And you need thought to detect stuff sometimes, Jason. It's kinda all you need. You don't even need a gun. And you definitely don't need hate. Hate never solved nothing, but calm did. And thought did. Try it. Try it just for a change. No one'll think you're gay. And if they do, arrest 'em for homophobia! Won't they be surprised! Good luck to you, Jason. You're a decent man, and yeah you've had a run of bad luck, but things are gonna change for you. I can feel it.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: I'd do anything to catch the guy who did it, Mrs. Hayes, but when the DNA don't match no one who's ever been arrested, and when the DNA don't match any other crime nationwide, and there wasn't a single eyewitness from the time she left your house to the time we found her, well... right now there ain't too much more we could do. Mildred Hayes: You could pull blood from every man and boy in this town over the age of 8. Willoughby: There's civil rights laws prevents that, Mrs. Hayes, and what if he was just passing through town? Mildred Hayes: Pull blood from every man in the country. Willoughby: And what if he was just passing through the country? Mildred Hayes: If it was me, I'd start up a database, every male baby was born, stick 'em on it, and as soon as he done something wrong, cross reference it, make 100% certain it was a correct match, then kill him. Willoughby: Yeah well, there's definitely civil rights laws that prevents that.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: What's the law on what ya can and can't say on a billboard? I assume it's ya can't say nothing defamatory, and ya can't say, 'Fuck' 'Piss' or 'Cunt'. That right? Red Welby: Or... Anus. Mildred Hayes: Well I think I'll be alright then.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Charlie: All this anger, man, it just begets greater anger.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: [while platting flowers at the billboards, Mildred is startled by a wild deer that has crossed an open field and is now standing near her] Hey baby... Yup, still no arrests. How come I wonder? 'Cause there ain't no God and the whole world's empty, and it doesn't matter what we do to each other? I hope not. How come you came up here out of nowhere lookin' so pretty? You ain't trynta make me believe in reincarnation or somethin' are ya? 'Cause you're pretty but you ain't her... She got killed. Now she's dead forever. I do thank you for comin' though. If I had some food I'd give it to ya. All I got is some Doritos, 'n' they might kill ya, they're kinda pointy... Then where would we be?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Dixon: What are you, an idiot? Desk Sergeant: Don't call me an idiot, Dixon! Dixon: I didn't call you an idiot, I asked if you was an idiot... That was a question.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Dixon: We've had two official complaints about the billboards, so, actually... Willoughby: From who? Dixon: A lady with a funny eye... and a fat dentist. Willoughby: Give me the file on the Angela Hayes case. Willoughby: A lady with a funny fucking eye?... Jesus Christ.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ [last lines] Mildred Hayes: Dixon? Dixon: Yeah? Mildred Hayes: Are you sure about this? Dixon: 'Bout killing this guy? Not really. You? Mildred Hayes: Not really. I guess we can decide along the way.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Charlie: [tearfully] Those billboards aren't gonna bring her back, Mildred. Mildred Hayes: Neither is fucking nineteen-year olds, Charlie.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: [from trailer] You didn't happen to drill a *little* hole in the dentist today, did you? Mildred Hayes: [mouth numb] Of course not.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: If you got rid of every cop with vaguely racist leanings, then you'd have three cops left, and all o' them are gonna hate the fags, so what are ya gonna do, y'know?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: [Upon discovering Denise got arrested] Rat bastards. [Mildred then enters the police station house] Mildred Hayes: Hey fuckhead! Dixon: What? Desk Sergeant: Don't say "what", Dixon, when she comes in calling you a fuckhead, and don't you come in here... Mildred Hayes: Shut up! Mildred Hayes: [to Dixon] You, get over here. Dixon: No! You, get over here. Mildred Hayes: Alright. Desk Sergeant: What? Don't, Dixon! Dixon: What? I'm... Desk Sergeant: You do not allow a member of the public to call you a fuckhead in the station house! Dixon: That's what I'm doing, I'm taking care of it in my own way, actually. Now get out of my ass! Mrs. Hayes, have a seat! What is it I can do for you today? Mildred Hayes: Where's Denise Watson? Dixon: Denise Watson's in the clank. Mildred Hayes: On what charge? Dixon: Possession. Mildred Hayes: Of what? Dixon: Two marijuana cigarettes. Big ones. Mildred Hayes: When's the bail hearing? Dixon: I asked the judge not to give her bail on account of her previous marijuana violations and the judge said sure. Mildred Hayes: You fucking prick! Dixon: You do not call an officer of the law a fucking prick in his own station-house, Mrs. Hayes. Or anywhere, actually. Mildred Hayes: What's with the new attitude, Dixon? Your momma been coaching ya? Dixon: No. My momma didn't do that. Dixon: [as Mildred leaves the police station house] Take 'em down, you hear me? Desk Sergeant: You did good, Dixon. Dixon: Yeah, I know I did.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Dixon: What the hell is this?... Hey, you. What the fuck is this? Jerome: What the fuck is what? Dixon: This! This [pointing at the billboard] Dixon: . Jerome: Advertising, I guess. Dixon: Advertising what? Jerome: Something obscure? Dixon: I'll say. Yeah. Jerome: Don't I know your face from some place? Dixon: I don't know, do you? Jerome: Yeah. Yeah, I do [spits on the ground] Jerome: . Dixon: I could arrest you right now... Jerome: For what? Dixon: For emptying your bucket... That's being bad against the environment laws. Jerome: Well, before you do that, Officer Dixon, how about you have a look at that first billboard over there? And then we can have ourself a conversation about the motherfucking environment... How about that?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: You think I care about dentists?... I don't care about dentists... Nobody cares about dentists.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: Dixon, you goddamn asshole. I'm in the middle of my goddamn Easter dinner... Sorry, kids.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ [we see a boy throw a can at Mildred's car. Mildred, agitated by this, goes out of her car to confront him and a girl who was with him] Robbie: [trying to stop Mildred] Don't, don't! Mildred Hayes: [asking the boy and the girl] Hey there! You know who threw that can? Boy: What can? [Mildred kicks the boy in the crotch] Mildred Hayes: How about you, sweetheart? You know who threw that can? Girl: Uh, no, I didn't really see... [before the girl could complete her answer, Mildred kicks her in the crotch as well] Robbie: Thank you, Mom.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ [Mildred is angry that the billboards were set on fire. Here we see her wearing a pair of bunny slippers] Mildred Hayes: [crying] I'll crucify the motherfuckers! Mildred Hayes: What are you gonna do, Mildred? You're gonna crucify 'em? Mildred Hayes: [rabbit voice] Yeah, I'ma crucify 'em. Mildred Hayes: Who are you gonna crucify? The motherfuckers? Mildred Hayes: [rabbit voice] Yeah, I'm gonna crucify the motherfuckers. Mildred Hayes: Woah, I guess those motherfuckers better watch out, alright? Fucking A.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ James: You know, I didn't have to come and hold your ladder.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: You got something to say to me? Charlie: If I'd known, we could have double dated. Mildred Hayes: Doesn't shit girl have a curfew week nights? Charlie: No, no, in fact I was actually gonna take her to the circus later, but there's no need now. Does he juggle ? Mildred Hayes: Look, I'm having one dinner with the guy cause he did me a favour, okay? Charlie: You don't have to explain yourself to me cause you're having dinner with a midget, Mildred. Mildred Hayes: I'm not explaining myself to you. Charlie: You kinda are. Look, I didn't come over here to break your balls. You can date as many midgets as you want.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Geoffrey: I just wanted to say, there's a lot of good friends of Bill Willoughby in this town, Ms. Hayes... [before Geoffrey could complete his sentence, Mildred, agitated, grabs the dentist drill Geoffrey is holding and drills a hole into his right thumbnail] Geoffrey: Goddamn it! Mildred Hayes: Then why don't you tell those good friends of Bill Willoughby to tell him to go do his fucking job, fat boy. [Mildred then spits at Geoffrey before the next scene starts] Willoughby: Hey there Mildred! You didn't happen to pay a visit to the dentist today, did you? Mildred Hayes: No. Willoughby: Uh? Mildred Hayes: I said "no". Willoughby: Oh, so it wasn't you who drilled a little hole in one of big fat Geoffrey's big fat thumbnails, no? Mildred Hayes: Of course not. Willoughby: Huh? Mildred Hayes: I said, "Of course not". Denise: You drilled a hole in the dentist? Mildred Hayes: Denise, no, I didn't. Willoughby: Well, I thought it was kind of funny myself, but he wants to press charges, so we're gonna have to bring you in, I'm afraid.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Dixon: What's the matter with you, saying that goddamn stuff on TV?... My momma watches that station. Mildred Hayes: Your momma doesn't know about the torturing? Dixon: No, she doesn't know anything about it. She's against that kinda thing. Willoughby: Who's against what? Dixon: Momma... my momma-momma is against persons-of-color-torturing. She said nigger-torturing. I said, You can't say nigger-torturing no more. You gotta say persons-of-color-torturing. Isn't that right, Chief?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: Did you really tell him "Anger begets greater anger"? Penelope: Oh... yes! I did! I didn't make it up myself though, I can't claim that. No, I read it on a bookmark... Which was in a book I was reading... About polio? Mildred Hayes: [baffled face] Penelope: Pólo... No. [to Charlie] Penelope: Which is the one, with the horses? Polio or polo? Charlie: [softly] Polo. Penelope: Polo.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: [from trailer] [live on the news] Mildred Hayes: My daughter Angela was murdered 7 months ago, it seems to me the police department is too busy torturing black folk to solve actual crimes.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: [from trailer] I don't think those billboards is very fair. Mildred Hayes: The time it took you to get out here whining like a bitch, Willoughby, some other poor girl's probably out there being butchered.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Dixon: [after throwing Red out of the window] See, Red, I got issues with white folks too!

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: Wow. When you can't trust the lawyers and the advertising men, what the hell's America coming to, huh?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Anne: I just came to give you the letter. Now, my two little girls are out in the car, so I'd better not stay and chat. I'm not quite sure what we're going to do for the rest of the day. It's hard to know what to do the day your husband kills himself. It's hard to know what to do.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Charlie: Yeah, I'm such a shitty dad, you're such a great mom. Alright. So how come, a week before she dies, Angela asks if she can come and live with me at my place? Cause she couldn't stand the two of you bitching at eachtother, fighting each other? And I said no, stay at home, your mom loves you. Now I wish I hadn't. Cause if hadn't, she'd still fucking be here. Mildred Hayes: I don't believe you! Charlie: Then don't believe me. Ask fruit loop boy. Mildred Hayes: Is that true? Robbie: I don't know, mom. Mildred Hayes: Yeah, you do.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: Oscar Wilde... [Smiles in memories, shoots himself in the head]

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: I got cancer. I'm dying. Mildred Hayes: I know it. Willoughby: Huh? Mildred Hayes: I know it. Most everybody in town knows it. Willoughby: [confused] And you still put up those billboards? Mildred Hayes: Well, they wouldn't be as effective after you croak, right?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Father Montgomery: [to Mildred] You know, if you hadn't stopped coming to church, you'd have a little more understanding of people's feelings.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Willoughby: You really wanna fuck with the Ebbing Police Department, Red? Do you? Red Welby: I guess.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ [first lines] Mildred Hayes: [walking into his office] You Red Welby? Red Welby: Yes, ma'am. How may I help you? Mildred Hayes: I heard there's three billboards out on Drinkwater Road. You're in charge of renting them out, that right? Red Welby: I didn't know we had any billboards out on Drinkwater. Where is Drinkwater Road? Mildred Hayes: It's a road out past the Sizemore turn-off. Nobody uses it since the freeway got put in. Red Welby: You are right. Got three billboards out there. Nobody's put nothing up out there since 1986. That was 'Huggies'. Mildred Hayes: How much to rent out all three of 'em the year? Red Welby: A year? You wanna pay for three billboards on a road no-one goes down unless they got lost or they're retards, for a year? Mildred Hayes: Quick, ain't ya, Welby? Red Welby: Well, since what I say goes these days down at the Ebbing Advertising Desk, I'm gonna strike you a real good deal on those billboards. Now, what was it you said your name was, Mrs? Mildred Hayes: What's the law on what you can and cannot say on a billboard? I assume it's ya can't say nothing defamatory, and ya can't say, 'Fuck' 'Piss' or 'Cunt'. That right? Red Welby: Uh... Or... anus. Mildred Hayes: Well, I think I'll be alright then. Here's 5,000 for the first month.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Abercrombie: [after noticing a case file on his folder] How are things coming along in the Angela Hayes case? Dixon: How are things coming along in the mind your own fucking business case? Abercrombie: How are things coming along in the hand me your gun and your badge?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Red Welby: [Referring to Willoughby] He's dying, Mildred. Mildred Hayes: We're all fucking dying!

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: You can ask me all the questions you want if you take me down and arrest me. Abercrombie: I'm not gonna arrest you, Mrs. Hayes. I got nothing to arrest you for. Mildred Hayes: Not yet you ain't...

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: Fuck it. [throws a molotov cocktail at the police station]

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Desk Sergeant: And where'd you check all this out ? Red Welby: In a... a book Desk Sergeant: Which book, genius ? Red Welby: Book called Suck My Ass, It's None Of Your Business

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Mildred Hayes: [while crying] I'll crucify you motherfuckers.

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Red Welby: Stop fucking crying, good damn it! The salt'll just fuck up your wounds. Dixon: I thought salt was supposed to be good for your wounds. Red Welby: What am I, a fucking doctor?

§Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri ¤ Dixon: Because you need English, really, if you want to be a cop. If you want to be anything, really. [Thinks for a few seconds] Dixon: Unless you live in Mexico...

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Matt Murdock: You may have dodged your legal troubles but things will get much worse. There's still the court of public opinion. [Matt catches a brick thrown through the window] Peter Parker: How did you just do that? Matt Murdock: I'm a really good lawyer.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: I don't know how to work as a team. Peter Parker: Me either. Peter Parker: Well, I do. I have been in a team, okay? I don't wanna brag, but I will. I was in the Avengers. Peter Parker: The Avengers? Peter Parker: Yeah. Peter Parker: That's great! Peter Parker: Thank you! Peter Parker: What is that? Peter Parker: Wait, you don't have the Avengers? Peter Parker: Is that a band? Are you in a band? Peter Parker: No, not a band! Avengers is, uh... Earth's Mightiest... Peter Parker: HOW'S THIS HELPING?

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: If I can fix what happened to you then when you go back things will be different and you might not die fighting Spider-Man. Max Dillon: What do you mean fix us? Peter Parker: Look, our technology is advanced... Norman Osborn: I can help you. You know, I'm something of a scientist myself. Octavius knows what I can do. Otto Octavius: Fix? You mean like a dog? I refuse. Peter Parker: I can't promise you guys anything but at least this way you actually get to go home and have a chance, a second chance.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: Are you okay? Peter Parker: Oh, my back. It's kinda stiff from all the swinging I guess. Peter Parker: Oh yeah, no, I got a middle back thing too. Peter Parker: Really? Peter Parker: Yeah. You want me to crack it? Peter Parker: Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Ned Leeds: Wait so you're Spider-Man too? Why didn't you just say that? Peter Parker: I generally don't go around advertising it. Kind of defeats the whole anonymous superhero thing. Peter Parker: [to himself] I literally just said that...

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Green Goblin: Poor Peter... too weak to send me home to die. Peter Parker: No. I just wanna kill you myself. Green Goblin: Attaboy!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Otto Octavius: [Holding an Arc Reactor] The power of the sun... Peter Parker: ...in the palm of your hand. Otto Octavius: Peter? Peter Parker: [Peter unmasks] Otto. Otto Octavius: Oh, it's good to see you, dear boy. Peter Parker: It's good to see you. Otto Octavius: You're all grown up. [chuckles] Otto Octavius: How are you? Peter Parker: [smiling] Trying to do better.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Green Goblin: I've watched you from deep behind Norman's cowardly eyes, struggling to have everything you want while the world tries to make you choose. Gods don't have to choose. We take.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Otto Octavius: [unmasks MCU Spider-Man] You're not Peter Parker. Peter Parker: I am so confused right now!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: [on May's last words] She told me that with great power... Peter Parker: Comes great responsibility. Peter Parker: Wait, what? How do you know that? Peter Parker: Uncle Ben said it. Peter Parker: The day he died. Maybe she didn't die for nothing, Peter.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Green Goblin: Strong enough to have it all... Green Goblin: [Throws off an attack from Peter, and then grabs him] Green Goblin: Too weak to take it!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ May Parker: You have a gift. You have power. And with great power, there must also come great responsibility.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: You know, Max was like the sweetest guy ever before he fell into a pool of electric eels. Peter Parker: That'll do it.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Doc Ock: You think your fancy new suit's gonna save you? [flings Spider-Man through a truck] Doc Ock: I should had killed your little girlfriend when I had the chance. Spider-Man: [Spider-Man opens up his four arms] What did you just say? Doc Ock: [looks at his own robotic arms] Looks like we've got competition.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Max Dillon: There's gotta be a black Spider-Man somewhere out there.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Ned Leeds: Here's your web cartridges. Peter Parker: Oh, thanks, man. Peter Parker: What's that for? Peter Parker: It's my web fluid. It's for my web shooters. Why? [Peter 2 demonstrates his organic web-shooters] Ned Leeds, Peter Parker, Peter Parker: WHOA! Ned Leeds: That came *out* of you! Peter Parker: Yeah. You can't do that, huh? Peter Parker: No? Peter Parker: How on earth does that even...?

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Green Goblin: [Norman's personality has shifted into the Goblin's] That some neat trick, that sense of yours. Otto Octavius: Norman? Green Goblin: Norman's on sabbatical, honey! Max Dillon: The hell? Spider-Man: The Goblin... Green Goblin: "No more darker half"? Did you really think that I'd let that happen, that I'd let you take away my power just because you're blind to what true power can bring you? Spider-Man: You don't know me. Green Goblin: Don't I? I saw how she trapped you, fighting her holy moral mission. We don't need you to save us, we don't need to be fixed! These are not curses, they're gifts. Otto Octavius: Norman, no... Green Goblin: Quiet lapdog! Spider-Man: You don't know what you're talking about. Green Goblin: I've watched you from deep behind Norman's cowardly eyes, struggling to have everything you want while the world tries to make you choose. Gods don't have to choose. We take. Spider-Man: May, Run!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Norman Osborn: You know, I'm something of a scientist myself.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Doctor Strange: Do you know a Peter Parker who's Spider-Man? Otto Octavius: Yes. Doctor Strange: [points to Peter] Is that him? Otto Octavius: No.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Ned Leeds: Peter! Peter Parker, Peter Parker, Peter Parker: Yeah? Oh, sorry, you mean [they all point at each other] Ned Leeds: [Confused] Peter... Peter... Peter Parker, Peter Parker, Peter Parker: [They keep pointing at each other] We're all Peter. Ned Leeds: Peter... Parker? Peter Parker, Peter Parker, Peter Parker: Same.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Doc Ock: Hello, Peter. Spider-Man: Hi? Do I know you?

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ [during a particularly tense moment in the battle, all three Peters regroup] Peter Parker: I love you guys! Peter Parker, Peter Parker: [beat] Thank you.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ [Peter arrives at the Sanctum Sanctorum] Doctor Strange: So, Peter... to what do I owe the pleasure? Peter Parker: I'm sorry to bother you, sir. Doctor Strange: Please. We've saved half the universe together. I think we're beyond you calling me "sir". [conjures flames in a fireplace] Peter Parker: Okay. Stephen... Doctor Strange: [beat] That feels weird, but I'll allow it.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: Ah, there it goes. [stretches back] Peter Parker: Are you okay? Peter Parker: Oh, my back. It's kinda stiff from all the swinging I guess. Peter Parker: Oh yeah, no, I got a middle back thing too. Peter Parker: Really? Peter Parker: Yeah. You want me to crack it? Peter Parker: Yeah. Yeah, that'd be great.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ [after seeing The Lizard] Ned Leeds: Is that a dinosaur?

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ MJ: Oh, here's a good one. [reading from a magazine] MJ: Some suggest that Parker's powers include the male spider's ability to hypnotize females. Peter Parker: Stop, come on. MJ: Yes, my spider lord.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: [after Strange uses a dimensional gateway to confront Peter Parker] Strange, wait! We're so close! Doctor Strange: [furious] Zip it! I've been dangling over the Grand Canyon for twelve hours! Peter Parker: I know, I know, I'm sorry about that, sir. Peter Parker: You went to the Grand Canyon? Peter Parker: [referring to Peter 1] He could have used your help! [Strange is completely baffled by the appearance of the other Parkers] Peter Parker: No no, it's OK. These are my friends. This is Peter Parker and this is Peter Parker. He's Spiderman, he's Spiderman. They're mes from other universes. This is the wizard I was telling you about.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ [the mentally restored Doctor Octavius is reunited with his universe's Peter Parker] Otto Octavius: How are you, dear boy? Peter Parker: [smiling] Just trying to do better.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker, Peter Parker: [Both telling Andrew's Spider-Man to cheer him up] You're amazing.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: [Pinned down by The Lizard] Hey. Dr. Connors. The Lizard: Hello, Peter.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Ned Leeds: You can take the guy out of the chair, but you can't take the chair out of the guy.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Doctor Strange: [to Peter] The problem is you trying to live two different lives. The longer you do it, the more dangerous it becomes!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Doctor Strange: Be careful what you wish for, Parker.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Flint Marko: Peter, it's me. Flint Marko. Do you remember? Peter Parker: I'm Peter but I'm not your Peter. Flint Marko: What do you mean you're not my Peter? What the hell's going on? Peter Parker: I'll explain everything but first can you help me stop this guy? Flint Marko: Okay. Peter Parker: You try and surround him and I'll pull the plug, alright let's go!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Spider-Man: Listen, let's just focus on the good news, okay? Doctor Strange: No, let's just focus on the bad news. As of now, you have detected zero multiversal trespassers. So, get on your phones, scour the Internet, and Scooby-Doo this shit. MJ: [laughs dryly] You're telling us what to do, even though it was your spell that got screwed up. Meaning that all of this is kind of your mess. You know, I know a couple of magic words myself, starting with the word 'please'. Doctor Strange: Please, Scooby-Doo this shit.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Doctor Strange: When you botched that spell, where you wanted everyone to forget that Peter Parker is Spider-Man, we started getting some visitors from every universe.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Green Goblin: [referring to May] She was there... because of you. I may have struck the blow, but you... You are the one that killed her. [cackles maniacally until Peter injects the cure into Norman] Norman Osborn: [back to normal, looking up at MCU Spider-Man] Peter? [looks to his left to see his Spider-Man, wounded by Green Goblin; distraught] Norman Osborn: What have I done?

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: I'm sorry, what was your name again? Otto Octavius: Dr. Otto Octavius. Peter Parker: [him, MJ and Ned laugh] Wait. No, seriously, what's your actual name?

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Otto Octavius: You're flying out into the darkness to fight ghosts. Peter Parker: What do you mean? Doctor Strange: They all die fighting Spider-Man. It's their fate. I'm sorry, kid. Peter Parker: Yeah, me too.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ May Parker: [offering him a glass of water] Thirsty? Otto Octavius: Well, yes. I am thirsty. May Parker: Freshwater or salt? You know, because you're an octopus. Otto Octavius: [confused] What? May Parker: Freshwater it is.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: Hey... what are like, some of the craziest villains that you guys have fought? Peter Parker: Seems you've met some of them. Peter Parker: [chuckles nervously] That's a good question. Peter Parker: I fought a... an alien made out of black goo once. Peter Parker: No way! I fought an alien, too. On Earth and in space. Peter Parker: Oh? Peter Parker: Yeah, he was purple. Peter Parker: I wanna fight an alien! Peter Parker: [to Peter 1] I'm, I'm still like... that you fought an alien, in space. Peter Parker: [sighs] I'm lame compared to... like, I fought a Russian guy in a... like a rhinoceros machine. Peter Parker: Hey, can we rewind it back to the "I'm lame" part? 'Cause, you are not. Peter Parker: Aw, thanks. No, yeah. I appreciate it, I'm not saying I'm lame. Peter Parker: But it's just the self-talk maybe we should, you know... 'cause you're... you're amazing. Just to take it in for a minute. Peter Parker: Yeah yeah yeah. Peter Parker: You... you are amazing. Peter Parker: I guess I am. Peter Parker: You are amazing. Peter Parker: Thank you. Peter Parker: Will you say it? Peter Parker: No, I kinda needed to hear that. Thank you.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Spider-Man: Wait a minute. Is that an Archimedean spiral? The Mirror Dimension is just geometry? You're great at geometry! You can do geometry! Spider-Man: Square the radius... divide by pi... at flat points along the curve... Doctor Strange: It's over, Parker. I'll come pick you up when it's done. Spider-Man: Hey, Strange! You know what's cooler than magic? Spider-Man: Math!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: So you, like, make your own web fluid in your body. Peter Parker: I'd rather not talk about this. Peter Parker: No! I don't mean to... Peter Parker: Are you teasing me? Peter Parker: No, no, no! He's not teasing you. It's just that... we can't do that, so naturally we're curious as to how your web situation works. That's all. Peter Parker: If it's personal, I don't wanna, like, pry, but I just think it's cool. Peter Parker: I wish I could tell you, but it's like, I don't do it. Like, I don't do breathing. Like, breathing just happens. Peter Parker: Whoa. Peter Parker: Like, does it just come out of your wrists or... does it come out of anywhere else? Peter Parker: Only... only the wrists. Peter Parker: You ever have a web block? Cuz I run out of webs all the time. I have to make my own in a lab, and it's hassle compared to what you got. Peter Parker: Right, yeah. That sound's like a hassle, yeah. But I did, actually. You said that, I was like, "Oh, I had a web block." Peter Parker: Whoa... why? Peter Parker: Existential crisis stuff. Peter Parker: Yeah, I mean, don't even get me started on that.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Peter Parker: [to Electro] Hey Max, I missed you man.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Max Dillon: I was whoopin' Spider-Man's ass, he'll tell you! And then, he caused an overload. I was stuck in the grid, absorbing data. I was about to turn into pure energy, and then... oh shit. I was about to die.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Ned Leeds: Great, it's just some random guy.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Flint Marko: Where's the box, Peter? Peter Parker: Flint! We can help everyone! Flint Marko: I don't care!

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Eddie Brock: Okay. Okay, I think I got this. You're saying that this whole place here, it's just tons of... superpeople. Venom: And he has been saying it for hours. Eddie Brock: All right, tell me again. I'm sorry, I'm an idiot. There was a billionaire, and he had a tin suit and he could fly, right? [the Bartender crosses his heart] Eddie Brock: Okay, and there was a really angry green man. Bartender: Hulk. Eddie Brock: Hulk. Venom: And you thought Lethal Protector was a shit name. Eddie Brock: Yeah, because it is. Now tell me again about your purple alien that loves stones. 'Cause I'll you what, man, aliens do not love stones. Venom: Eddie, don't start. They don't. Eddie Brock: Know what aliens love? Eating brains. Because that's what they do. All right? Bartender: Señor, he made my family disappear. For five years. Eddie Brock: Five years? That's a long time. Maybe I... Maybe I should go to New York and speak to this... Spider-Man.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Otto Octavius: [Otto Octavius has Peter Parker with his mask off pinned to a column] You're not Peter Parker.

§Spider-Man: No Way Home ¤ Max Dillon: Dr. Curt Connors, he was a scientist at Oscorp when I worked there. A brilliant scientist. Until he turned himself into a lizard, then he tried to turn the whole city into lizards. It was crazy. The Lizard: It wasn't crazy, Max. It was the next step in human evolution.

§Trainspotting ¤ [first lines] Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [narrating] Choose Life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family. Choose a fucking big television, choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players and electrical tin openers. Choose good health, low cholesterol, and dental insurance. Choose fixed interest mortgage repayments. Choose a starter home. Choose your friends. Choose leisurewear and matching luggage. Choose a three-piece suit on hire purchase in a range of fucking fabrics. Choose DIY and wondering who the fuck you are on Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing, spirit-crushing game shows, stuffing fucking junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pissing your last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked up brats you spawned to replace yourselves. Choose your future. Choose life... But why would I want to do a thing like that? I chose not to choose life. I chose somethin' else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who needs reasons when you've got heroin?

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: We took morphine, diamorphine, cyclizine, codeine, temazepam, nitrazepam, phenobarbitone, sodium amytal, dextropropoxyphene, methadone, nalbuphine, pethidine, pentazocine, buprenorphine, dextromoramide, chlormethiazole. The streets are awash with drugs you can have for unhappiness and pain, and we took them all. Fuck it, we would have injected vitamin C if only they'd made it illegal.

§Trainspotting ¤ Tommy: Doesn't it make you proud to be Scottish? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: It's SHITE being Scottish! We're the lowest of the low. The scum of the fucking Earth! The most wretched, miserable, servile, pathetic trash that was ever shat into civilization. Some hate the English. I don't. They're just wankers. We, on the other hand, are COLONIZED by wankers. Can't even find a decent culture to be colonized BY. We're ruled by effete arseholes. It's a SHITE state of affairs to be in, Tommy, and ALL the fresh air in the world won't make any fucking difference!

§Trainspotting ¤ [last lines] Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Now I've justified this to myself in all sorts of ways. It wasn't a big deal, just a minor betrayal. Or we'd outgrown each other, you know, that sort of thing. But let's face it, I ripped them off - my so called mates. But Begbie, I couldn't give a shit about him. And Sick Boy, well he'd done the same to me, if he'd only thought of it first. And Spud, well okay, I felt sorry for Spud - he never hurt anybody. So why did I do it? I could offer a million answers - all false. The truth is that I'm a bad person. But, that's gonna change - I'm going to change. This is the last of that sort of thing. Now I'm cleaning up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life. I'm looking forward to it already. I'm gonna be just like you. The job, the family, the fucking big television. The washing machine, the car, the compact disc and electric tin opener, good health, low cholesterol, dental insurance, mortgage, starter home, leisure wear, luggage, three piece suite, DIY, game shows, junk food, children, walks in the park, nine to five, good at golf, washing the car, choice of sweaters, family Christmas, indexed pension, tax exemption, clearing gutters, getting by, looking ahead, the day you die.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Excuse me, excuse me. I don't mean to harass you, but I was very impressed with the capable and stylish manner in which you dealt with that situation. And I was thinking to myself, now this girl's special. Diane: Thanks. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: What's your name? Diane: Diane. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: And where are you going, Diane? Diane: I'm going home. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Well, where's that? Diane: It's where I live. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Great. Diane: What? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Well, I'll come back with you if you like, but like, I'm not promising anything, you know. Diane: Do you find that this approach usually works? Or let me guess, you've never tried it before. In fact, you don't normally approach girls - am I right? The truth is that you're a quiet sensitive type but, if I'm prepared to take a chance, I might just get to know the inner you: witty, adventurous, passionate, loving, loyal. Taxi! A little bit crazy, a little bit bad. But hey - don't us girls just love that? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Eh? Diane: Well, what's wrong boy - cat got your tongue?

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: 1,000 years from now there will be no guys and no girls, just wankers. Sounds great to me.

§Trainspotting ¤ Sick Boy: Personality, I mean that's what counts, right? That's what keeps a relationship going through the years. Like heroin, I mean heroin's got a great fucking personality.

§Trainspotting ¤ Gail, Lizzie: What are you two talking about? Spud, Tommy: Football! What are you talking about? Gail, Lizzie: Shopping!

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: It wasn't just the baby that died that day. Something inside Sick Boy was lost and never returned. It seemed that he had no theory with which to explain a moment like this... nor did I. Our only response was to keep on going and 'fuck everything'. pile misery upon misery, heap it up on a spoon and dissolve it with a drop of bile, then squirt it into a stinking, puerile vein and do it all over again. Keep on going, getting up, going out, robbing, stealing, fucking people over. Propelling ourselves with longing towards the day that it would all go wrong, because no matter how much you stash, or how much you steal you never have enough. No matter how often you go out and rob and fuck people over, you always need to get up and do it all over again.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Never again, Swanney. I'm off the scag. Swanney: Are you serious? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Yeah, no more. I'm finished with that shite. Swanney: Well, it's up to you, man. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Gonna get it right this time. Gonna get it sorted out. Gonna get off it for good. Swanney: I've heard that one before. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: The Sick Boy method? Swanney: Well, it nearly worked for him, hey. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Well, he's always been lacking in moral fiber. Swanney: He knows a lot about Sean Connery. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: That's hardly a substitute.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: People think it's all about misery and desperation and death and all that shit which is not to be ignored, but what they forget is the pleasure of it. Otherwise we wouldn't do it. After all, we're not fucking stupid. At least, we're not that fucking stupid.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Begbie didn't do drugs either. He just did people.

§Trainspotting ¤ Francis (Franco) Begbie: That lassie got glassed, and no cunt leaves here till we find out what cunt did it. Man: [shouts] Who the fuck are you? Francis (Franco) Begbie: Yeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhh! [kicks him in the crotch]

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Relinquishing junk. Stage one, preparation. For this you will need one room which you will not leave. Soothing music. Tomato soup, ten tins of. Mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption cold. Ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of. Magnesia, milk of, one bottle. Paracetamol, mouthwash, vitamins. Mineral water, Lucozade, pornography. One mattress. One bucket for urine, one for feces and one for vomitus. One television and one bottle of Valium, which I've already procured from my mother, who is, in her own domestic and socially acceptable way also a drug addict. And now I'm ready. All I need is one final hit to soothe the pain while the Valium takes effect.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [on a high] Take the best orgasm you've ever had... multiply it by a thousand, and you're still nowhere near it. Allison: It beats any meat injection. That beats any fucking cock in the world.

§Trainspotting ¤ Sick Boy: [Sean Connery accent] Do you shee the beasht? Have you got it in your shights? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [aiming the pellet gun at a dog] Clear enough, Missh Moneypenny! This should preshent no shignificant problemsh! [shoots the dog which starts attacking its owner] Sick Boy: For a vegetarian, Rents, you're a fuckin' EVIL shot!

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: This was to be my final hit, but let's be clear about this. There's final hits and final hits. What kind was this to be?

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [narrates] When you're on junk you have only one worry: scoring. When you're off it you are suddenly obliged to worry about all sorts of other shite. Got no money: can't get pissed. Got money: drinking too much. Can't get a bird: no chance of a ride. Got a bird: too much hassle. You have to worry about bills, about food, about some football team that never fucking wins, about human relationships and all the things that really don't matter when you've got a sincere and truthful junk habit.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [narrating] I wished that I'd gone down instead of Spud. Here I was surrounded by my family and my so-called mates and I've never felt so alone. Never in all my puff. Since I was on remand, they've had me on this program, this state sponsored addiction. Three sickly sweet doses of methadone a day instead of smack. But it's never enough. And at the moment it's nowhere near enough. I took all three this morning and now I've got eighteen hours to go until my next shot. I've got sweat on my back like a layer of frost. I need to visit the Mother Superior for one hit. One final hit to get us over this long, hard day. [to Swanney 'Mother Superior'] Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: What's on the menu this evening, Sir? Swanney: Your favorite dish. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Excellent. Swanney: Your usual table, Sir. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Oh, why thank you. Swanney: Would Sir care to pay for his bill in advance? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: No. Stick it on my tab. Swanney: Ah, regret to inform, sir, credit limit was reached and breached quite some time ago. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Oh, well in that case... [hands him some cash] Swanney: Ah, hard currency. Thank you, Sir. Can't be too careful these days. Would Sir care for a starter of some garlic bread perhaps? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: No, thank you. I will proceed directly to the intravenous injection of hard drugs, please.

§Trainspotting ¤ Begbie: Did you bring the cards? Sick Boy: What? Begbie: The cards, the last thing I told you was to mind the cards! Sick Boy: Well, I've not brought them. Begbie: It's fucking boring after a while without the cards. Sick Boy: I'm sorry. Begbie: Bit fucking late, like. Sick Boy: Why didn't *you* bring them? Begbie: 'CAUSE I FUCKING TOLD YOU TO BRING THEM, YOU DOSS CUNT! Sick Boy: ...Christ.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: ##The downside of coming off junk was I knew I would need to mix with my friends again in a state of full consciousness. It was awful. They reminded me so much of myself, I could hardly bear to look at them. Take Sick Boy, for instance. He came off junk at the same time as me - not because he wanted to, you understand, but just to annoy me. Just to show me how easily he could do it, thereby downgrading my own struggle. Sneaky fucker, don't you think?

§Trainspotting ¤ Sick Boy: It's certainly a phenomenon in all walks of life. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: What do you mean? Sick Boy: Well, at one time, you've got it, and then you lose it, and it's gone forever. All walks of life: George Best, for example. Had it, lost it. Or David Bowie, or Lou Reed... Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Some of his solo stuff's not bad. Sick Boy: No, it's not bad, but it's not great either. And in your heart you kind of know that although it sounds all right, it's actually just shite. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: So who else? Sick Boy: Charlie Nicholas, David Niven, Malcolm McLaren, Elvis Presley... Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: OK, OK, so what's the point you're trying to make? Sick Boy: All I'm trying to do is help you understand that The Name of The Rose is merely a blip on an otherwise uninterrupted downward trajectory. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: What about The Untouchables? Sick Boy: I don't rate that at all. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Despite the Academy Award? Sick Boy: That means fuck all. Its a sympathy vote. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Right. So we all get old and then we can't hack it anymore. Is that it? Sick Boy: Yeah. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: That's your theory? Sick Boy: Yeah. Beautifully fucking illustrated.

§Trainspotting ¤ Diane: You're not getting any younger, Mark. The world's changing. Music's changing. Even drugs are changing. You can't stay in here all day dreaming about heroin and Ziggy Pop. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: It's Iggy Pop. Diane: Whatever. I mean, the guy's dead anyway. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Iggy Pop's not dead. He toured last year! Tommy went to see him. Diane: The point is, you've got to find something new.

§Trainspotting ¤ Spud: [singing] Did you think I would leave you crying, when there's room on my horse for two? Climb up here, Tommy and don't be dying, I can go just as fast with two. When we grow up we'll both be soldiers And our horses will not be toys, and I wonder if we'll remember when we were two little boys.

§Trainspotting ¤ Begbie: Picture the scene: The other fuckin' week there, down the fuckin' Volley with Tommy, playing pool. I'm playing like Paul-Fuckin'-Newman by the way. Givin' the boy here the tannin' of a lifetime. So it comes to the, down to the last shot, the deciding ball of the whole tournament. I'm on the black and he's sittin' in the corner looking all fuckin' biscuit-arsed. When this hard cunt comes in. Obviously fuckin' fancies himself, like. Starts staring at me. Lookin' at me, right fuckin' at me, as if to say, "Come ahead, square go." You ken me, I'm not the type of cunt that goes looking for fuckin' bother, like, but at the end of the day I'm the cunt with a pool cue and he can get the fat end in his puss any time he fucking wanted like. So I squares up, casual like. What does the hard cunt do? Or the so-called hard cunt? Shites it. Puts down his drink, turns, and gets the fuck out of there. And after that, well, the game was mine.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: I don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the post. That's for sure. I'm in the junkie limbo at the moment. Too ill to sleep. Too tired to stay awake, but the sickness is on its way. Sweat, chills, nausea. Pain and craving. A need like nothing else I've ever known will soon take hold of me. It's on its way.

§Trainspotting ¤ 1st Interviewer: Mr. Murphy, do you mean that you lied on your application? Spud: No! Uh. Yes. Only to get my foot in the door. Showing initiative and that like. 1st Interviewer: But you were referred here by the department of employment, there was no need for you to get your "foot in the door," as you put it. Spud: Ehhh... cool. Whatever you say, I'm sorry. You're the man. The dude in the chair.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: It seems, however, I really am the luckiest guy in the world. Several years of addiction right in the middle of an epidemic, surrounded by the living dead. But not me. I'm negative. It's official. And once the pain goes away, that's when the real battle starts. Depression, boredom... You feel so fucking low, you want to fucking top yourself.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: You see if you ask me we're heterosexual by default, not by decision. It's just a question of who you fancy. It's all about aesthetics and it's fuck all to do with morality. But you try telling Begbie that.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: And with that Mark Renton had fallen in love.

§Trainspotting ¤ 2nd Interviewer: Mr. Murphy, what attracts you to the leisure industry? Spud: In a word: pleasure. It's like, my pleasure in other people's leisure.

§Trainspotting ¤ Tommy: Very, absolutely fucking radge. "It's me, or Iggy Pop", she says. Spud: So what're you gonna do? Tommy: Well I paid for the tickets!

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: I fantasize about a massive pristine convenience. Brilliant gold taps, virginal white marble, a seat carved from ebony, a cistern full of Chanel no.5, and a flunky handing me pieces of raw silk toilet roll. But under the circumstances I'll settle for anywhere.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Thank you, your honor. With God's help I'll conquer this terrible affliction.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: We called him Mother Superior on account of the length of his habit.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: I quite enjoyed the sound of it all. Profit, loss, margins, takeovers, lending, letting, subletting, subdividing, cheating, scamming, fragmenting, breaking away. There was no such thing as society and even if there was, I most certainly had nothing to do with it. For the first time in my adult life I was almost content.

§Trainspotting ¤ Gavin: Tommy knew he'd caught the virus, but he never knew he'd gone full-blown. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: What was it, pneumonia or cancer? Gavin: No, toxoplasmosis. Sort of like a stroke. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Eh? How's that? Gavin: He wanted to see Lizzy again. Lizzy wouldn't let him near the house. So he bought a present for her, bought her a kitten. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: But Lizzy told him where to fucking stick it. Gavin: Exactly. "l'm not wantin' that cat," she says. "Get the fuck," right? So there's Tommy stuck with this kitten. You can imagine what happened. The thing was neglected... pissing and shitting all over the place. Tommy's lying about fucked out of his eyeballs... on smack or downers. He never knew you could get toxoplasmosis from cat shit. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Neither did l. What is it? Gavin: Fucking horrible. It's like an abscess on your brain. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Fucking hell. Then what happened? Gavin: He starts getting these headaches. So he just uses more smack, you know, for the pain. And then he has a stroke. A fucking stroke, just like that. Gets home from the hospital and dies three weeks later. He'd been dead for ages before the neighbors complained about the smell and got the police to break down the door. Tommy was lying facedown in a pool of vomit. [long pause] Gavin: The kitten was fine.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [narrating] This was typical of Mikey Forrester. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: What the fuck are these? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [narrating] In the normal run of things, I would have nothing to do with the cunt. But this was not the normal run of things. Mikey Forrester: Opium suppositories. Ideal for your purposes. Slow release. Bring you down gradual. Custom fucking designed for your needs. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: I want a fucking hit! Mikey Forrester: That's all I've got, matey, take it or leave it. [Renton considers this and eventually takes the Opium suppositories and inserts them] Mikey Forrester: Aye, you feel better the now right? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Oh, yeah, for all the good they've done me, I might as well have stuck them up my arse!

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Phew! I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978!

§Trainspotting ¤ Tommy: Useless motherfucker, that's what she called me. I told her, I'm sorry, but these things happen. Let's put it behind us. Spud: That's fair enough. Tommy: Yes, but then she finds out I've bought a ticket for Iggy Pop the same night. Spud: Went ballistic? Tommy: Big time. Absolutely fucking radge. 'It's me or Iggy Pop, time to decide.' Spud: So what's it going to be? Tommy: Well, I've paid for the ticket.

§Trainspotting ¤ Soccer Announcer: [Diane and Renton has just had sex while Tommy and Lizzie have put on a soccer tape, instead of a homemade sex tape] He makes it across and he SCORES! What a penetrating goal that was!

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Heroin had robbed Renton of his sex drive, but now it returned with a vengeance. And as the impotence of those days faded into memory, grim desperation took hold of his sex-crazed mind. His post-junk libido, fuelled by alcohol and amphetamine, taunted him remorselessly with his own unsatisfied desire.

§Trainspotting ¤ Sick Boy: Good chips! Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: ...I can't believe you did that... Sick Boy: I got a good price for it! Rents I need the money! Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: IT WAS MY FUCKING TELLY! Sick Boy: Well, Christ. If I knew you were going to get so humpty about it, I wouldn't have bothered!... Fucking rented anyway... [pointing to Rent's fish] Sick Boy: You gonna eat that? [takes fish anyways] Sick Boy: ...Have you got a passport? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Why? Sick Boy: I met this bloke, runs a hotel... brothel, LOADS of contacts. Does a nice side-line of punting British passports to foreigners... I could get you a good price... Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: And WHY would I want to sell my passport? Sick Boy: ...It was just an idea...

§Trainspotting ¤ Francis (Franco) Begbie: It was fuckin' obvious that that cunt was gonnae fuck some cunt.

§Trainspotting ¤ Begbie: Armed robbery. With a replica. I mean, how the fuck can it be armed robbery with a fucking replica?

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Living like this is a full-time business.

§Trainspotting ¤ Diane: [Mark has spent the previous night having sex with Diane only to realize she was an underage schoolgirl] Well, what's the matter, Mark? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: It's you that's what's wrong! Diane: Well at least us hold hands. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: No, we're not holding hands! Diane: No? But you seemed a lot more happy to do more last night. There's nothing wrong with it. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: Its illegal that's what's wrong with it! You know what they do to people like me in prison? They cut your balls off and flush them down the toilet. Diane: Calm down; you're not going to prison. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: That's very easy for you to say Diane! Diane: Can I see you again? Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [scoffs] Certainly not! Diane: If you don't see me again, I'll tell the police. Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: [turns around and stares at Diane blankly] Diane: I'll see you around then.

§Trainspotting ¤ Mark "Rent-boy" Renton: You could always get the truth from Tommy. That was one of his major weaknesses. He never told lies, he never took drugs, and he never cheated on anyone.

§Trainspotting ¤ Sick Boy: Ursula Andress, the quintessential Bond girl. That's what everyone says. The embodiment of his superiority over us. Beautiful, exotic, highly sexual and totally unavaiable to anyone apart from him. Shite. Let's face it. She can shag one punter from Edinburgh, she'd shag the whole lot of us.

§Trainspotting ¤ [Telling Renton the truth about Begbie's story] Tommy: It was Wednesday morning. We were in the Volley, playing pool. That much is true. But, Begbie is playing absolutely fucking 'gash!' [Cuts to pool hall] Tommy: He's got a hangover so bad, he can barely hold the cue, never mind pot a ball. And I'm doing my best to lose, you know trying to humour him like. But it's not doing any good. Every time I hit the ball, I seem to pot something. Every time Begbie goes near the table, he fucks it up. [Tommy aims and hits the cue balls away from a cornered ball] Tommy: Oh, for fuck sake. [the cue ball bounces around the table but ends up potting the ball he tried to miss] Tommy: So he's got the hump, right? But, finally I manage to set it up so that all he's gotta do is to pot the black, to savage a little bit of pride, and maybe not kick my head in, yeah? So he squares up... pressure shot... [a man at the bar opens a pack of potato chips. The crunching sound putting Begbie off] Tommy: And it all goes wrong, big time! [the same man, eats a potato chip. The even louder crunch noise causes Begbie to rip the table with his cue and knock the cue ball off the table and into Tommy's hand] Begbie: Fuck! [Begbie travels over to the man, and cracks his cue over the man's back] Tommy: He picks on this speccy wee gadge at the bar, accusing him of putting him off by looking at him. I mean the man hasn't glanced in that direction.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Maj. Warden: You'll go on without me. That's an order. You're in command now, Shears. Commander Shears: You make me sick with your heroics! There's a stench of death about you. You carry it in your pack like the plague. Explosives and L-pills - they go well together, don't they? And with you it's just one thing or the other: destroy a bridge or destroy yourself. This is just a game, this war! You and Colonel Nicholson, you're two of a kind, crazy with courage. For what? How to die like a gentleman, how to die by the rules - when the only important thing is how to live like a human being!... I'm not going to leave you here to die, Warden, because I don't care about your bridge and I don't care about your rules. If we go on, we go on together.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: What have I done?

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: [looks at the completed bridge] I've been thinking. Tomorrow it will be 28 years to the day that I've been in the service. 28 years in peace and war. I don't suppose I've been at home more than 10 months in all that time. Still, it's been a good life. I loved India. I wouldn't have had it any other way. But there are times... when suddenly you realize you're nearer the end than the beginning. And you wonder, you ask yourself, what the sum total of your life represents. What difference your being there at any time made to anything - or if it made any difference at all, really. Particularly in comparison with other men's careers. I don't know whether that kind of thinking's very healthy, but I must admit I've had some thoughts on those lines from time to time. But tonight... tonight!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: I hate the British! You are defeated but you have no shame. You are stubborn but you have no pride. You endure but you have no courage. I hate the British!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ [last lines] Major Clipton: Madness! Madness!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: Do you know what will happen to me if the bridge is not built on time? Colonel Nicholson: I haven't the foggiest. Colonel Saito: I'll have to kill myself. What would you do if you were me? Colonel Nicholson: I suppose if I were you... I'd have to kill myself. Colonel Nicholson: [raising the glass of scotch he previously declined] Cheers!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Commander Shears: [to Nurse] You give me powders, pills, baths, injections, enemas when all I need is love.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: Do not speak to me of rules. This is war! This is not a game of cricket!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Commander Shears: I can think of a lot of things to call Saito, but "reasonable"... that's a new one.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: [recognizes Shears] You? Major Shears: [lunges at Nicholson] You!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Major Clipton: The fact is, what we're doing could be construed as - forgive me, sir - collaboration with the enemy. Perhaps even as treasonable activity. Colonel Nicholson: Are you alright, Clipton? We're prisoners of war, we haven't the right to refuse work. Major Clipton: I understand that, sir. But... must we work so well? Must we build them a better bridge than they could have built for themselves? Colonel Nicholson: If you had to operate on Saito, would you do your job or would you let him die? Would you prefer to see this battalion disintegrate in idleness? Would you have it said that our chaps can't do a proper job? Don't you realize how important it is to show these people that they can't break us, in body or in spirit? Take a good look, Clipton. One day the war will be over, and I hope that the people who use this bridge in years to come will remember how it was built, and who built it. Not a gang of slaves, but soldiers! British soldiers, Clipton, even in captivity. Major Clipton: Yes sir. Colonel Nicholson: You're a fine doctor, Clipton, but you've a lot to learn about the army.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: All work and no play make Jack a dull boy.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: Let me remind you of General Yamashita's motto: be happy in your work.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Maj. Warden: I belong to a rather rum group called Force 316. Our headquarters is up in the botanical gardens. Commander Shears: Protecting rare plants from the enemy?

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: It is quite understandable; it's a very natural reaction. But one day - in a week, a month, a year - on that day when, God willing, we all return to our homes again, you're going to feel very proud of what you have achieved here in the face of great adversity. What you have done should be, and I think will be, an example to all our countrymen, soldier and civilian alike. You have survived with honor - that, and more - here in the wilderness. You have turned defeat into victory. I congratulate you. Well done.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Major Hughes: Jennings has a plan, sir. He seems to think... Colonel Nicholson: Yes, I'm sure Jennings has a plan. But escape? Where, into this jungle? That fellow Saito was right: no need for barbed wire or fence, one chance in a hundred of survival. I'm sure a man of Commander Shears' experience will attest to that. Commander Shears: I'd say the odds against a successful escape are about 100 to one. But may I add another word, Colonel? The odds against survival in this camp are even worse.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: Attention, English prisoners! Notice I do not say "English soldiers". From the moment you surrendered, you ceased to be soldiers. You will finish the bridge by the twelfth day of May. You will work under the direction of a Japanese engineer, Lieutenant Mioura. Time is short. All men will work. Your officers will work beside you. This is only just. For it is they who betray you by surrender. Your shame is their dishonor. It is they who told you: "Better to live like a coolie than die like a hero." It is they who brought you here, not I. Therefore, they will join you in useful labor. That is all.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ [after speaking with Nicholson and Saito, neither of whom will relent] Major Clipton: Are they both mad? Or am I going mad? Or is it the sun?

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Maj. Warden: [to Col. Green] Sir, it's most annoying. They say, in view of the time element, they don't think a few practice jumps would be worthwhile. Major Shears: No? Maj. Warden: No, they say if you make one jump, you've only got 50% chance of injury, two jumps, 80%, and three jumps, you're bound to catch a packet. The consensus of opinion is that the most sensible thing for Major Shears to do is to go ahead and jump, and hope for the best. Major Shears: With or without a parachute?

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Green: You were an accountant in Montreal? Lieutenant Joyce: Yes, sir. Uh, not really an accountant, sir. That is, I didn't have my charter. Colonel Green: Exactly what did you do? Lieutenant Joyce: Well, sir, I just checked columns and columns of figures which three or four people had checked before me, and then there were other people who checked them after I had checked them. Colonel Green: Sounds a frightful bore. Lieutenant Joyce: Sir, it was a frightful bore.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Major Clipton: [visits Nicholson in the oven] Sir, you can't stand much more of this. And wouldn't the men be better off working rather than being kept in those cells? The men are doing a wonderful job of it, they're going as slow as they dare; but Saito's cut their food rations. If they don't get put to work, they're going to die. And that's all there is to it. Colonel Nicholson: Yes, Clipton. I understand, truly. But don't you see it's a matter of principle? If we give in now, there will be no end to it. No! Major Clipton: Sir, we're lost in the jungle, a thousand miles from anywhere. We're under the heel of a man who will stop at nothing to get his way. Principle? No one will know or care what happens to us! Give in, sir! Please! Colonel Nicholson: I'm adamant. I will not have an officer from my battalion working as a coolie.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: We can teach these barbarians a lesson in Western methods and efficiency that will put them to shame. We'll show them what the British soldier is capable of doing.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: It only remains for me to say, thank you, Colonel Saito, for your kind attention, and are there any other questions? Colonel Saito: One question... can you finish the bridge in time? Colonel Nicholson: Frankly, the consensus of opinion is that it's impossible... but we'll certainly give it a go. After all, we mustn't forget that we've wasted over a month through an unfortunate disagreement for which I was not to blame.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: One day the war will be over. And I hope that the people that use this bridge in years to come will remember how it was built and who built it. Not a gang of slaves, but soldiers, British soldiers, Clipton, even in captivity.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: A word to you about escape. There is no barbed wire. No stockade. No watchtower. They are not necessary. We are an island in the jungle. Escape is impossible. You would die.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Commander Shears: You mean, you intend to uphold the letter of the law, no matter what it costs? Colonel Nicholson: Without law, Commander, there is no civilization. Commander Shears: That's just my point; here, there is no civilization. Colonel Nicholson: Then we have the opportunity to introduce it.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Major Reeves: By the way, sir, I meant to tell you, there are trees in this forest very similar to elm. And the elm piles of London Bridge lasted six hundred years. Colonel Nicholson: Six hundred years, Reeves? Major Reeves: Yes, sir. Colonel Nicholson: Six hundred years... That would be quite something.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: Now, there's another important decision that can't be postponed. As most of the British soldiers will be working on the bridge, only a small number will be available for railway work. So, I must ask you, Colonel Saito, to lend us some of your own men to reinforce the railway gang, so that the final stretch of track can be completed as quickly as possible. Colonel Saito: I have already given the order. Colonel Nicholson: We must fix the daily work quota for your men. At first I thought of setting it at a yard and a half, so as not to overtire them, but don't you think it would be best if we make it the same as the British soldiers? That would also create a healthy competitive spirit. Colonel Saito: I have already given the order.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Maj. Warden: [lowering binoculars] Kill him... Kill him! Major Shears: [screaming] KILL HIM! KILL HIM!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Nurse at Ceylon hospital: [both characters are on the beach, discussing the evening's plans] I know, you're terribly sorry, but you're standing me up tonight. Major Shears: You couldn't be more wrong!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Lieutenant Joyce: I'm sorry, Sir. I thought you were the enemy. Commander Shears: Well, I'm an American, if that's what you mean.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Commander Shears: [He and a fellow Allied P.O.W., Weaver, have just buried a dead P.O.W. in the camp cemetery. They are putting in a handmade wooden cross to mark his grave] Here lies... You know, Weaver, I've forgotten who we just buried. Weaver, Allied P.O.W.: Thompson. Commander Shears: Oh, yes... Here lies Corporal Herbert Thompson. Serial number zero-one-two-three-four-five-six-seven. Valiant member of the King's Own... or the Queen's Own... or something. Who died of beriberi in the year of our Lord, 1943. For the greater glory of... Commander Shears: [pauses, looking stumped. Looks at Weaver] What *did* he die for? Weaver, Allied P.O.W.: Ah, come off it! No need to mock the grave! Commander Shears: I don't mock the grave or the men... May he rest in peace. Commander Shears: [bangs the makeshift wooden cross down with his shovel] He found little enough of it when he was alive.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: [Addressing the prisoners, who are standing in formation] English prisoners... let us ask the question... "Why does the bridge not progress?" You know why. Because your officers are lazy! They think themselves too good to share your burdens! This is not just. Therefore, you are not happy in your work. Therefore, the bridge does not progress. But there is another cause. I do not hide the truth. With deep shame and regret, I admit to you the failure of a member of the Japanese staff. I refer to Lieutenant Mioura. Colonel Saito: [points to Lt. Mioura, who looks down with shame] He is a bad engineer! He is unworthy of command! Colonel Saito: Therefore, I have removed him from his post. Tomorrow we begin again. I shall be in personal command. Today we rest. All work and no play make Jack a dull boy. As token of regard for your efforts in the future... I give presents to you all! Colonel Saito: [the back gate of a nearby truck is dropped down, revealing stacks of packages, Red Cross parcels, etc] Let us be happy in our work. Company, dismissed.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: I realize how difficult it's going to be in this god-forsaken place where you can't find what you need, but there's the challenge.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Green: Good show! Jolly good show, Major!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Saito: I am Colonel Saito. In the name of His Imperial Majesty, I welcome you. I am the commanding officer of this camp, which is Camp 16 along the great railroad which will soon connect Bangkok with Rangoon. You British prisoners have been chosen to build a bridge across the River Kwai. It will be pleasant work, requiring skill, and officers will work as well as men. The Japanese Army cannot have idle mouths to feed. If you work hard, you will be treated well, but if you do not work hard, you will be punished!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: Reeves, if this were your bridge, how would you get it underway? Major Reeves: Get it underway, sir? Well, first of all, I wouldn't build it here. Colonel Nicholson: Oh? Why not? Major Reeves: As I was trying to tell you a while ago, sir, the Japanese couldn't have picked a worse location. There's no bottom. You see those piles? They're sinking. Our chaps could drive those piles 'til doomsday and they wouldn't hold. Colonel Nicholson: *Where* would you build it? Major Reeves: [pointing] Why, further downstream, sir. Across those narrows. Then we'd have solid bedrock on both banks.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: Hughes, if this were your bridge, how would you use the men? Major Hughes: [chuckles] Well, sir, not the way they're doing it. It's utter chaos, as you can see at a glance. It's a lot of uncoordinated activity; no teamwork. Some of those parties are actually working against each other. Colonel Nicholson: Yes... I tell you, gentlemen, we have a problem on our hands. Thanks to the Japanese, we now command a rabble. There's no order, no discipline. Our task is to rebuild the battalion. Major Reeves: Yes, sir. Colonel Nicholson: It isn't going to be easy, but fortunately we have the means at hand: The bridge. Major Hughes: "The bridge," sir? Colonel Nicholson: The bridge. We can teach these barbarians a lesson in Western methods and efficiency that will put them to shame. We'll show them what the British soldier is capable of doing. Major Hughes: Yes, I see your point, sir. Colonel Nicholson: I realize how difficult it's going to be in this god-forsaken place where you can't find what you need, but there's the challenge. Major Evans: I beg your pardon, sir. You mean you really want them to build a bridge? Colonel Nicholson: You're not usually so slow on the uptake, Evans. I know our men. You've got to keep them occupied. The fact is, if there weren't any work for them to do, we'd invent some, eh, Reeves? Major Reeves: That we would, sir. Colonel Nicholson: So we're lucky. But it's going to be a proper bridge. Now here again, I know the men. It's essential that they should take a pride in their job. Right, gentlemen? Major Hughes: [All officers in unison] Yes, sir. Colonel Nicholson: Reeves, you're the key man in this situation, as engineer. Tell me what you want, and Hughes and I will organize it. What do you think? Can we make a go of it? Major Reeves: We'll do our best, sir. Colonel Nicholson: Fine. We must draw up our plans... then arrange a conference with Saito... and set him straight.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Green: [to Shears] You don't realize what a plum you are for us. Your knowledge of the area, making friends in that village. It's almost as if your whole escape had been planned with us in mind.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Nurse at Ceylon hospital: What makes you so sure you'll get a medical discharge? Commander Shears: Because I'm a civilian at heart, lover, and I always follow my heart.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: I tell you, gentlemen, we have a problem on our hands.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Green: As I've told you before, in a job like yours, even when it's finished, there's always one more thing to do.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Colonel Nicholson: Queer bird... even for an American.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Commander Shears: [referring to Col. Saito, who had a machine gun brought up to threaten Col. Nicholson and his officers] He's going to do it, believe me, he's really going to do it!

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Commander Shears: I'm getting worse, you know. Sometimes I think I'm Admiral Halsey.

§The Bridge on the River Kwai ¤ Maj. Warden: Is there something wrong? Commander Shears: I was just thinking. You speak Yai's language, I don't. He's gonna lead you back to the river Kwai himself, by a route I never took. Will someone tell me why I'm so indispensable to this outfit? Maj. Warden: I know how you feel, but there's always the unexpected, isn't there? Commander Shears: Tell that to Chapman.

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: [to Gaear] So, that was Mrs. Lundegaard on the floor in there. And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper. And those three people in Brainerd. And for what? For a little bit of money? There's more to life than a little money, you know. Don'tcha know that? And here ya are, and it's a beautiful day. Well. I just don't understand it.

§Fargo ¤ Mr. Mohra: So, I'm tendin' bar there at Ecklund and Swedlin's last Tuesday, and this little guy's drinkin' and he says, "So where can a guy find some action? I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake." And I says, "What kinda action?" and he says, "Woman action, what do I look like?" And I says, "Well, what do I look like? I don't arrange that kinda thing," and he says, "But I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake," and I says, "Well, this ain't that kinda place." Officer Olson: Uh-huh. Mr. Mohra: So he angrily says, "Oh I get it, so you think I'm some kinda crazy jerk for askin'!" only he doesn't use the word "jerk." Officer Olson: I understand. Mr. Mohra: And then he calls me a jerk, and says that the last guy who thought he was a jerk is dead now. So I don't say nothin' and he says, "What do ya think about that?" So I says, "Well, that don't sound like too good a deal for him, then." Officer Olson: [chuckles] Ya got that right. Mr. Mohra: And he says, "Yah, that guy's dead, and I don't mean of old age." And then he just pays his tab and walks out saying, "Geez, I'm goin' crazy out there at the lake!" Officer Olson: White Bear Lake? Mr. Mohra: Well... Ecklund & Swedlin's, that's closer ta Moose Lake, so I made that assumption. Officer Olson: Oh sure. Mr. Mohra: So, ya know, he's drinkin', so I don't think a whole great deal of it, but Mrs. Mohra heard about the homicides down here last week and she thought I should call it in. So... I called it in. End o' story. Officer Olson: What'd this guy look like, anyway? Mr. Mohra: Oh, he was a little guy... Kinda funny lookin'. Officer Olson: Uh-huh. In what way? Mr. Mohra: Oh, just in a general kinda way.

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: Say, Lou, didya hear the one about the guy who couldn't afford personalized plates, so he went and changed his name to J3L2404? Lou: Yah, that's a good one.

§Fargo ¤ Jerry Lundegaard: You're darn tootin'!

§Fargo ¤ Airport Lot Attendant: There's a minimum charge of four dollars. Long-term parking charges by the day. Carl Showalter: I guess you think you're... you know, like an authority figure, with that stupid fuckin' uniform, huh buddy? King clip-on-tie there, big fuckin' man, huh? You know these are the limits of your life, man! The rule of your little fuckin' gate here! [gives the attendant the money] Carl Showalter: Here's your four dollars, you pathetic piece of shit!

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: I'm not sure I agree with you a hundred percent on your police work, there, Lou.

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: Oh, for Pete's sake! For Pete's sake, he's fleeing the interview. He's fleeing the interview!

§Fargo ¤ [Marge bends over next to the overturned car, as if she's looking at something on the ground] Lou: You alright there, Margie? Marge Gunderson: Oh, I just think I'm gonna barf... Marge Gunderson: [standing up again after a moment] ... Well, that passed. Now I'm hungry again.

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: Okay, I want you to tell me what these fellas looked like. Hooker No. 1: Well, the little guy was kinda funny-lookin'. Marge Gunderson: In what way? Hooker No. 1: I dunno, just funny-lookin'. Marge Gunderson: Can you be any more specific? Hooker No. 1: I couldn't really say. He wasn't circumcised. Marge Gunderson: [amused by this unhelpful detail] Was he funny lookin' apart from that? Hooker No. 1: Yah. Marge Gunderson: So, you were havin' sex with the little fellow, then. Hooker No. 1: Uh huh.

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: Who the fuck are you? [Wade doesn't answer] Carl Showalter: WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU? Wade Gustafson: I got your damn money. Now, where's my daughter? Carl Showalter: I am through fuckin' around here! Drop that fuckin' briefcase! Wade Gustafson: Where's my daughter? Carl Showalter: Fuck you, man! Where's Jerry? I gave simple fuckin' instructions! Wade Gustafson: Where's my damn daughter? No Jean, no money! Carl Showalter: Drop that fuckin' money! Wade Gustafson: No Jean, no money! Carl Showalter: Is this a fuckin' joke here? [shoots Wade] Wade Gustafson: [as he sinks to his knees and falls back] Aww, Jeez. Carl Showalter: Happy now, asshole? What's with you people? Ya fuckin' imbeciles! [as Carl reaches for the briefcase, Wade shoots him in the face] Carl Showalter: Ah! You fuckin' shot me! [Carl shoots Wade six more times, screams, then kicks the dead Wade twice] Carl Showalter: You fuck! [takes briefcase]

§Fargo ¤ Norm Gunderson: They announced it. Marge Gunderson: They announced it? Norm Gunderson: Yeah. Marge Gunderson: So? Norm Gunderson: Three-cent stamp. Marge Gunderson: Your mallard? Norm Gunderson: Yeah. Marge Gunderson: Oh, that's terrific. Norm Gunderson: It's just a three-cent stamp. Marge Gunderson: It's terrific. Norm Gunderson: Hautman's blue-winged teal got the 29-cent. People don't much use the three-cent. Marge Gunderson: Oh, for Pete's sake. Of course they do. Whenever they raise the postage, people need the little stamps.

§Fargo ¤ Jerry Lundegaard: [Jerry and Wade discuss business opportunity] This could work out real good for me and Jean and Scotty. Wade Gustafson: [coldly] Jean and Scotty never have to worry.

§Fargo ¤ Jerry Lundegaard: Well, that's it then. Here are the keys. Carl Showalter: No, that's not it, Jerry. Jerry Lundegaard: Huh? Carl Showalter: The new vehicle plus $40,000. Jerry Lundegaard: Yah, the deal was the car first then the $40,000 as if it was the ransom. I thought Shep told you that. Carl Showalter: Shep didn't tell us much, Jerry. Except that you were gonna be here at 7:30. Jerry Lundegaard: Yah, I'm sorry. That was a mix up. Carl Showalter: Yeah, you already said that. Jerry Lundegaard: Yah, but this is not a whole pay in advance deal. You see, I give you a brand new vehicle in advance and... Carl Showalter: I'm not gonna debate you, Jerry. Jerry Lundegaard: Okay. Carl Showalter: I'm not gonna sit here and debate.

§Fargo ¤ [Jean is making noise in the back of the car] Gaear Grimsrud: Shut the fuck up! Or I'll throw you back in the trunk, you know? Carl Showalter: Jesus, that's more than I've heard you say all week.

§Fargo ¤ [last lines] Norm Gunderson: [rubbing Margie's pregnant stomach] Two more months. Marge Gunderson: [smiling] Two more months.

§Fargo ¤ Norm Gunderson: I love you, Margie. Marge Gunderson: I love you, Norm. [she leaves, closing the door; after getting in the car briefly, she comes back in the door] Marge Gunderson: Hon? Norm Gunderson: Yah? Marge Gunderson: Prowler needs a jump.

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: You ever been to Minneapolis? Gaear Grimsrud: Nope. Carl Showalter: Would it... kill you to say something? Gaear Grimsrud: I did. Carl Showalter: "No." That's the first thing you've said in the last four hours. That's, a fountain of conversation there, buddy. That's a geyser.

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: Ah, hon, ya got Arby's all over me.

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: [irately, over the phone] Alright, Jerry, I'm through fuckin' around! You got the fuckin' money? Jerry Lundegaard: [into the phone] Yeah, I got the money, but... uh... Carl Showalter: Don't you fuckin' fuck me, Jerry! I want you to get this money to the parking garage at the Dayton Radisson, top level, in 30 minutes, Jerry. We wrap this thing up. Jerry Lundegaard: Yeah, but... Carl Showalter: Hey, you're there in 30 minutes, Jerry, or I find you, Jerry, and I shoot you and I shoot your fuckin' wife and I shoot all your fuckin' children and I shoot them all in the back of their little fuckin' heads! You got it? Jerry Lundegaard: Okay, now you stay away from Scotty, now.

§Fargo ¤ Shep Proudfoot: [beating Carl Showalter violently] Fucking little weasel! Fuck you! You fucking motherfucker son of a bitch! Fucking cock! Jesus Christ! You fucking shitbag motherfucker!

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: Would it... kill you to say something? "No." That's the first thing you've said in the last four hours. That's a... that's fountain of conversation, man. That's a geyser. I mean, whoa daddy! Stand back, man. Shit. I'm sitting here driving. Doing all the driving, man. The whole fucking way from Brainard driving. Just trying to... chat, you know. Keep our spirits up, fight the boredom of the road, and you can't say one fucking thing just in the way of conversation. Oh fuck it. I don't have to talk to you either, man. See how you like it. Just total fucking silence. Two can play at that game, smart guy. We'll just see how you like it. Total silence.

§Fargo ¤ [repeated line] Jerry Lundegaard: The heck do ya mean?

§Fargo ¤ [first lines] Jerry Lundegaard: I'm, uh, Jerry Lundegaard. Carl Showalter: You're Jerry Lundegaard? Jerry Lundegaard: Ya. Shep Proudfoot said... Carl Showalter: Shep said you'd be here at 7:30. What gives, man? Jerry Lundegaard: Shep said 8:30. Carl Showalter: We've been sitting here an hour. He's [motioning to Gaer] Carl Showalter: peed three times already. Jerry Lundegaard: I'm sure sorry. Shep told me 8:30. It was a mix-up, I guess.

§Fargo ¤ Gaear Grimsrud: You're a smooth smoothie, you know?

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: Mind if I sit down? I'm carrying quite a load here.

§Fargo ¤ Jerry Lundegaard: [answering the phone] Jerry Lundegaard. Carl Showalter: [voice over the phone] Alright, Jerry, you got the phone to yourself? Are you alone? Jerry Lundegaard: [into the phone] Well, yeah. Carl Showalter: [voice] You know who this is? Jerry Lundegaard: Well, yeah, I got an idea. How's that Ciera working out for ya? Carl Showalter: [voice] Circumstances have changed, Jerry. Jerry Lundegaard: Well, what do ya mean? Carl Showalter: [voice] Things have changed, circumstances, Jerry... force majeure, acts of God. Jerry Lundegaard: How's Jean? Carl Showalter: [puzzled] Who's Jean? Jerry Lundegaard: My wife! What the-? Carl Showalter: [voice] Oh... right. She's alright, but there's a few people in Brainerd who aren't so okay, I'll tell you that. Jerry Lundegaard: What the heck are ya talking about? Let's just finish this deal up here. Carl Showalter: [voice] Blood has been shed, Jerry. Jerry Lundegaard: What the heck do ya mean? Carl Showalter: [voice] Three people, in Brainerd... are dead. Jerry Lundegaard: Oh, jeez! Carl Showalter: [voice] That's right, we need more money. Jerry Lundegaard: What the heck are ya talking about? What do you fellas have yourself mixed up in? Carl Showalter: [voice] Never mind that. We need more money... Jerry Lundegaard: [interrupting] This was supposed to be a no rough stuff type deal! Carl Showalter: [angry] DON'T EVER INTERRUPT ME, JERRY! JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP! Jerry Lundegaard: Well, I'm sorry, but I just... I don't... Carl Showalter: [voice] I'm not gonna debate with you on this, Jerry! I'm not gonna debate! Three people in Brainerd were killed last night. We now want the entire 80,000! Jerry Lundegaard: Oh, for chris'sake here!

§Fargo ¤ Gaear Grimsrud: Where is pancakes house? Carl Showalter: What? Gaear Grimsrud: We stop at pancakes house. Carl Showalter: What... are you nuts? We had pancakes for breakfast. Gotta go to a place I can get a shot and a beer, steak, maybe, not more fuckin' pancakes, c'mon. [Gaear just stares at Carl] Carl Showalter: Oh, come on, man! Okay, here's an idea: we can stop outside of Brainerd. I know a place there we can get laid. Whaddya think? Gaear Grimsrud: I'm fucking hungry now, you know! Carl Showalter: Yeah yeah Jesus, I'm sayin' we can... stop, get pancakes and then we'll get laid, alright? [Gaear glares briefly]

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: [Shep Proudfoot, enraged, bursts into apartment and knocks Carl out of bed while having sex with hooker] Shep, whatthefuckyadoin'? I'm banging that girl!

§Fargo ¤ [as Shep angrily approaches Carl] Carl Showalter: You stay away from me, man! Hey, smoke a fuckin' peace pipe!

§Fargo ¤ [Jerry and an irate customer argue over a sealant that the customer had previously indicated he didn't want, after Jerry has gone off to pretend to talk to his boss] Jerry Lundegaard: Well, we've never done this before. But seeing as it's special circumstances and all, he says I can knock a hundred dollars off that Trucoat. Irate Customer: [stunned that Jerry still intends to charge him for something he didn't order] One hundred... You lied to me, Mr. Lundegaard. You're a bald-faced liar. A... fucking liar. Irate Customer: [to his wife, frustrated] Where's my goddamn checkbook? Let's get this over with.

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: [entering cabin, with shot-up face] You should see the other guy. Carl Showalter: [he sees Jean Lundegaard's dead body] What the fuck happened to her? Gaear Grimsrud: [watching TV and eating TV dinner] Uh, she started shrieking, y'know. She wouldn't stop... Carl Showalter: Geesus. Well, it doesn't matter. I got the money. All of it. All eighty grand. Carl Showalter: [he puts a couple stacks of bills down on table] That's forty for you, forty for me. [Grimsrud pokes at the stacks of bills with his fork] Carl Showalter: [puts a set of keys next to the money] That's it, then. You can have my truck. Here's the keys. I'm takin' the Ciera. Gaear Grimsrud: We split that. Carl Showalter: [pause] How the fuck do you split a fuckin' car, ya dummy? With a fuckin' chainsaw? Gaear Grimsrud: One of us pays the other for half. Carl Showalter: Hold on! No fuckin' way! You fuckin' notice this? I got fuckin' shot! I got fuckin' shot in the face! I went and got the fuckin' money. I got shot fuckin' picking it up! I've been up for thirty-six fuckin' hours! I'm taking' that fuckin' car! That fucker's mine, you fuckin' asshole! [as usual, no response from Grimsrud] Carl Showalter: You know, I've been listening to your fuckin' bullshit all week! Are we square? [no response from Grimsrud who continues staring at the TV] Carl Showalter: [flashing his gun] Are WE square? [no response] Carl Showalter: Yeah, ya fuckin' mute. And if you see your friend Shep Proudfoot, tell him I'm gonna nail his fuckin' ass! [he exits angrily toward the Ciera; after a few seconds, Grimsrud follows him out the door with an axe in hand] Carl Showalter: [Showalter turns and sees Grimsrud striding toward him, axe raised] Oh no! Aaaaaah! [Grimsrud brings the axe down toward Carl's neck]

§Fargo ¤ Stan Grossman: But you're sayin'... what are ya sayin'?

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: [on date with hooker] So, how long you been with the escort service? Escort: I don't know, a few months. Carl Showalter: Find that work interesting, do ya? Escort: What're you talkin' about? [quick cut to next scene, where he's having sex with her]

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: You betcha!

§Fargo ¤ Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Mr. Lundegaard? This is Reilly Diefenbach from GMAC. How are you this morning? Jerry Lundegaard: [into the phone] Real good. How are you? Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Pretty good, Mr. Lundegaard. I must say, you are damn hard to get a hold of over the phone. Jerry Lundegaard: Well, we're pretty darn busy here, but that's the way we like it. Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Well, that's for sure. The reason why I've been trying to reach you is that these last financing documents that you sent over to us... I can't read the serial numbers of the vehicles... Jerry Lundegaard: [getting nervous] Yah, well I already got the money. The loans are in place. I already got the... Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Yah, the 320 thousand... you got the money last month from us. Jerry Lundegaard: So, we're all set then. Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Yah, but the vehicles that you're borrowing on, I just can't read the serial numbers on your application. Maybe if you could just read... Jerry Lundegaard: Yah, but the deal's already done. I've already got the money. Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Yah, but we have an audit here and I just have to know that these vehicles that your financing with this money that they really exist. Jerry Lundegaard: [getting more nervous] Well... they exist all right. Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Well, I'm pretty sure they do, but I can't read the serial numbers here. Maybe if you could read the numbers to me on the first... Jerry Lundegaard: Yah... well... see... I don't have them in front of me. Why don't I just fax you over a copy? Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] No, no, a fax is no good. That's what I have here and I can't read the darn thing. Jerry Lundegaard: Yah, I'll have my girl send you a copy then. Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] Okay, that's good. But I need to tell you that if I can't correlate these numbers with those specific vehicles, then I'm gonna have to call back all that money. Jerry Lundegaard: How much money did you say that was? Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] $320,000. I have to correlate that money with the cars that it's being lent on. Jerry Lundegaard: Okay, no problem. I'll just fax... Reilly Diefenbach: [voice] No, no... Jerry Lundegaard: I mean send it right over. I'll shoot it right over. Good bye. [hangs up]

§Fargo ¤ Irate Customer: We sat right here, in this room, and went over this and over this. Jerry Lundegaard: Yeah, but that TruCoat... Irate Customer: I sat right here and said I didn't want any TruCoat. Jerry Lundegaard: Yeah, but I'm saying that TruCoat. You don't get it, you get oxidation problems. It'll cost you a heck of a lot more than $500. Irate Customer: You're sitting there. You're talking in circles. You're talking like we didn't go over this already. Jerry Lundegaard: Yeah, but this TruCoat... Irate Customer: We had a deal here for nineteen-five. You sat there and darned if you didn't tell me you'd get me this car, these options, without the sealant for nineteen-five. Jerry Lundegaard: All right, I'm not saying I didn't... Irate Customer: You called me 20 minutes ago and said you had it ready to make delivery! You says, "Come on down and get it." And, and, and here you are and you're wasting my time and my wife's time, and I'm paying nineteen-five for this vehicle here! Jerry Lundegaard: All right. I'll talk to my boss. [gets up and turns before leaving] Jerry Lundegaard: See, they install that TruCoat at the factory. There's nothing we can do about that. [Customer ready to shout] Jerry Lundegaard: but I'll talk to my boss. Irate Customer: These guys here. These guys. It's always the same! It's always more!

§Fargo ¤ Jerry Lundegaard: Well, heck! If you wanna... If you wanna play games here, I'm working with ya on this thing here, but... Okay! [slams table as he stands up] Jerry Lundegaard: I'll do a damn lot count! Marge Gunderson: Sir, right now? Jerry Lundegaard: Yeah! Right now. You're darn tootin'! If it's so damned important to ya! Marge Gunderson: Well, I'm sorry, sir. Jerry Lundegaard: Ah, what the Christ!

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: Just keep it still back there, lady, or we're going to have to, you know, shoot you.

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: Well, I'm sorry, sir! Jerry Lundegaard: [storming off to do a lot count] Aw, what the Chris'!

§Fargo ¤ Carl Showalter: I decided not to park there.

§Fargo ¤ Wade Gustafson: What kind of finders fee are you looking for? Jerry Lundegaard: Huh? Stan Grossman: The financials are pretty through. The only thing we don't know is your fee. Jerry Lundegaard: My fee? Wade, what the heck you talking about? Wade Gustafson: Stan and I are okay. We gotta load in. But we never talked about your fee for bringing it to us. Jerry Lundegaard: Wade, no. I was bringing you this deal for you to loan me the money to put in. It's my deal here, see? Stan Grossman: Jerry, we thought you were bringing us an investment. Jerry Lundegaard: Yah, right. Stan Grossman: But you're saying that... what are you saying? Wade Gustafson: You're saying that we put in all the money and you collect when it pays off? [both Wade and Stan laugh] Jerry Lundegaard: [getting nervous; stammering again] No... it's just... I'd pay you back the principle and interest. Heck, I'd go... one over prime. Stan Grossman: We're not a bank, Jerry. Wade Gustafson: If I wanted a bank interest loan on $750,000 I'd go to Midwest Federal and and talk to old Bill Deal. Stan Grossman: Does he work at North Star now? Jerry Lundegaard: No, no, it just... I... I don't need a finders fee. Finder's fee that's... what? Ten percent? Heck, that's not gonna do it for me. I need the principle! Stan Grossman: Jerry, we're not going to just give you $750,000 of our money. Wade Gustafson: What the heck were your thinking? If I am getting bank interest, I want complete security. Heck, FDIC. I don't see nothing like that here. Jerry Lundegaard: [getting desperate] Yah, but... it's... I... just... I guarantee all your money back with interest when the deal starts paying. You have my word. Wade Gustafson: I'm not talking about your damn word here, Jerry! What the hell were you thinking? Jesus! Look... I don't want to cut you out of the loop here. This here is a good deal. I assume that if you are not interested in getting a finders fee, you won't mind if we move on with the deal independently.

§Fargo ¤ Jerry Lundegaard: I told ya. We haven't had any vehicles go missing. Marge Gunderson: [cheerful tone] Okay! But are ya sure? 'Cause I mean, how do you know? Do you do a count, or what kind of a routine do you have here? Jerry Lundegaard: [growing uncomfortable with the questioning] Ma'am, I answered your question! Marge Gunderson: [long pause] I'm sorry, sir? Jerry Lundegaard: Ma'am, I answered your question! I answered the darned... I'm cooperatin' here! Marge Gunderson: [serious tone] Sir, you have no call to get snippy with me. I'm just doing my job here. Jerry Lundegaard: I'm... I'm not arguing here! I'm cooperating. So there's no need to... we're doin' all we can here. Marge Gunderson: Sir, could I talk to Mr. Gustafson? [Jerry gives her a glassy-eyed look, knowing full well that Gustafson is dead] Marge Gunderson: Mr. Lundegaard?

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: [reporting over her police radio] There's the car! There's the car! Lou: What car? Marge Gunderson: My car, my car! Tan Ciera, tan Ciera!

§Fargo ¤ Gaear Grimsrud: Unguent. I need unguent.

§Fargo ¤ Jerry Lundegaard: You see, my wife's dad is real well off. Carl Showalter: So, why don't you just ask him for the money? Gaear Grimsrud: Or your fucking wife, you know. Carl Showalter: Or your fuckin' wife, Jerry? Jerry Lundegaard: Well, it's all part of... look, the thing is they don't know that I'm in trouble. My wife and father-in-law don't know I need money. And if they did... I still won't get it. Okay? These are personal matters. Carl Showalter: Personal matters? Okay, you're tasking us to perform this mission, but you won't tell us what... oh, fuck it. Let's have a look at the Ciera.

§Fargo ¤ Scotty Lundegaard: [finishing supper] May I be excused? Jerry Lundegaard: Ya done, there? Scotty Lundegaard: Yah. Can I go out? Jean Lundegaard: Where ya goin'? Scotty Lundegaard: Just to McDonalds. Jerry Lundegaard: Be back at 9:30. [Scotty exits] Wade Gustafson: He just ate - he didn't finish! He's goin' to McDonalds instead of finishin' here. Jean Lundegaard: He sees his friends there. It's okay. Wade Gustafson: It's okay, MAC-Donalds. Heh. Whaddya think they do there? They don't drink milkshakes, I assure you. Jean Lundegaard: It's okay, Dad!

§Fargo ¤ Jean Lundegaard: [reprimanding Scotty, who is eating and watching TV, paying no attention] I am talking about your potential. You're not a 'C' student. Scotty Lundegaard: Uh huh... Jean Lundegaard: Yet you're gettin' 'C' grades. It's the disparity here that concerns your dad and me. Scotty Lundegaard: [mumbling] Mmmm. Jean Lundegaard: Ya know what a disparity is? Scotty Lundegaard: [attentive now] Yeah! Jean Lundegaard: Okay, then! That's why we don't want ya goin' out for hockey! Scotty Lundegaard: [upset] Oh, come on! What's the big deal? It's just an hour a... what's the big deal? Jean Lundegaard: [phone rings] Hold on. [answers phone] Jean Lundegaard: Hullo? Oh, hi, Dad! Yah! He's here, I'll catch him for ya! Jean Lundegaard: [to Jerry] Hon, it's Dad. Scotty Lundegaard: [to his father, entering the room] Look, Dad, there's no fucking way... Jerry Lundegaard: [putting his hand over the phone's mouthpiece] Hey, let's watch that language there!

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: So, Mike, should we get together another time? Mike Yanagita: No! [sobs] Mike Yanagita: I'm sorry, I... I shouldn't have done this. I shouldn't have done this, I shouldn't have... I thought we'd have a really terrific time. Marge Gunderson: It's OK, Mike. Mike Yanagita: You were such a super lady... and I'm, I'm so lonely. [sobs]

§Fargo ¤ Mike Yanagita: [moves to Marge's side of the table and puts arms around her] Do you mind if I sit over here? Marge Gunderson: No. Why don't you sit over there? I'd prefer that. Mike Yanagita: Huh? Uh... ok. [moves back to other side of table] Mike Yanagita: Sorry. Marge Gunderson: Oh, no, no. Just so I can see you. I don't have to turn my neck.

§Fargo ¤ Marge Gunderson: So, where you girls from? Hooker No. 1: Chaska. Hooker #2: Le Sueur. But I went to high school in White Bear Lake. Go bears.

§Warrior ¤ [last lines] Brendan Conlon: Tommy, what are you doing? Tom Conlon: Shut Up! Come on Brendan Conlon: Come on? What are you that crazy? Referee Josh Rosenthal: Lets Go To War! Brendan Conlon: What are you doing? It's over Tommy! Tommy You don't have to do this! Don't make me do this Tommy! I don't want to do this! Tom Conlon: Whats the matter? Brendan Conlon: [pinning him] I'm sorry Tommy! I'm sorry... Tap out Tom! It's OK! It's OK! I Love You! I Love You Tommy!

§Warrior ¤ Tom Conlon: So you found God, huh? That's awesome. See, Mom kept calling out for him but he wasn't around. I guess Jesus was down at the mill forgiving all the drunks. Who knew?

§Warrior ¤ Frank Campana: Look at me! Look at me! Why are we here, Brendan? Why are we here? Are we here to win this fight? You tell me, 'cause if we're not, I'll throw in the towel right now. We'll get Tess and we will go home. You don't knock him out, you lose the fight. Understand me? You don't knock him out, you don't have a home.

§Warrior ¤ Brendan Conlon: That's Tess. And that's Emily and Rosie. They're your nieces, Tommy. Tom Conlon: Don't know 'em. Brendan Conlon: I know you don't know them. Of course you don't know them. Tom Conlon: Why am I looking at pictures of people I don't know? Brendan Conlon: Because that's my family. Tom Conlon: And who are you exactly? Brendan Conlon: I'm your brother, man. Tom Conlon: You were in the Corps? Brendan Conlon: What? Tom Conlon: I said I didn't know you were in the Corps. Brendan Conlon: I wasn't in the Corps. Tom Conlon: Then you ain't no brother to me. My brother was in the Corps.

§Warrior ¤ Paddy Conlon: The devil you know... Tom Conlon: ...is better than the devil you don't.

§Warrior ¤ Paddy Conlon: Come on, kiddo. I've been there. I've done it. I've seen it. You can trust me. I'll understand. Tom Conlon: Spare me the compassionate father routine, Pop. The suit don't fit. Paddy Conlon: I'm really trying here, Tommy. Tom Conlon: You're trying? Now? Where were you when it mattered? I needed this guy back when I was a kid. I don't need you now. It's too late now. Everything's already happened. You and Brendan don't seem to understand that. Let me explain something to you: the only thing I have in common with Brendan Conlon is that we have absolutely no use for you.

§Warrior ¤ Tom Conlon: Not much of a woman's touch around here. Paddy Conlon: No women for me anymore, Tommy. Tom Conlon: Yeah. Must be tough to find a girl who could take a punch nowadays.

§Warrior ¤ Brendan Conlon: I popped his shoulder. Frank Campana: Relax. Breathe. Brendan Conlon: I heard it tear. Frank Campana: You popped his shoulder? Good. I want you to pop his other shoulder.

§Warrior ¤ Brendan Conlon: You never had any interest in underdogs. But I was your son. Paddy Conlon: You *are* my son, Brendan. Brendan Conlon: Am I? Paddy Conlon: Yeah, you are. I'm just asking you if can find... find a little bit of space in your heart to forgive me a little bit. Brendan Conlon: Yeah? All right, I forgive you. Paddy Conlon: Okay. Brendan Conlon: But I do not trust you.

§Warrior ¤ Frank Campana: You gotta relax and stay calm in there. The cage is your home. You set the pace. You set the rhythm. Feel the Beethoven. Be smarter than him, more patient. Wait for him to make a mistake. And when he does, that's your moment.

§Warrior ¤ Paddy Conlon: Alright. Alright. But you get something through your skull, too. You called me. So don't go threatening to walk every five minutes. And since this is about training, you dump whatever it is you need to dump as far as those pills are concerned. I don't want to see 'em. In fact, hand 'em over right now. I know they're on you, Tommy. You sounded like a goddamn maraca coming through the door.

§Warrior ¤ Bryan Callen: I'll tell you what: you do that to someone on the street and they'd lock you up and throw away the key! Break out the yellow tape, Sam. Tommy's walking away from the cage like he's leaving a crime scene.

§Warrior ¤ Principal Zito: You got no business in the ring with those animals. Brendan Conlon: Actually, I used to be one of those animals

§Warrior ¤ Tom Conlon: So you gonna ask about her, or you just gonna sit there all sober? Paddy Conlon: I know. Tom Conlon: Oh you know. What do you know? You know it wasn't enough to drive west to get away from you? When we hit the water we drove north, too. Paddy Conlon: When I get sober I hired a man to find you. Tom Conlon: Is that one of the 12 steps? Or does a guy like you get 24?

§Warrior ¤ Principal Zito: Let me get this straight. You want to use the auditorium to watch a suspended teacher engage in the activity he was suspended for? Am I hearing this correctly?

§Warrior ¤ Tom Conlon: I think I liked you better when you were a drunk.

§Warrior ¤ Brendan Conlon: I know this isn't a great time. And it's too bad about Marco. But what about me? Frank Campana: You talking about Sparta? Brendan, please. You got a better chance of starting a boy band.

§Warrior ¤ Brendan Conlon: God, man, I don't understand this. You won't forgive me, but you'll forgive Pop? Tom Conlon: Shit. He's just some old vet I train with. He means nothing to me. From what I hear he means nothing to you, either, so you got balls talking about forgiveness.

§Warrior ¤ Paddy Conlon: Ahab! You Godless sonofabitch! You stop the ship, you Godless sonofabitch!

§Warrior ¤ Tom Conlon: I'm serious. We train. That's it. I don't wanna hear a word about anything but training, you understand? You wanna tell your war stories, you can take 'em down to the VFW. You can take 'em to a meeting, or church, or wherever the hell it is you go nowadays.

§Warrior ¤ Bryan Callen: Tommy Riordan's captured the media's attention, but the question still remains: who is this guy? And more importantly, can he compete in this talent pool? Can he win? Sam Sheridan: I wish I knew, Bryan. I wish I knew who he was, and I've gotta say the fact that I don't know is strange. In an internet age where there are no secrets, this guy is a complete mystery. I can't find out anything about him. Tommy Riordan is officially Google proof.

§Warrior ¤ Paddy Conlon: I've got a thousand days. A thousand days sober today. Brendan Conlon: Well, that's great, Pop. But it doesn't change anything. Paddy Conlon: What do you mean it doesn't change anything? Have a heart, Brendan. Brendan Conlon: You listen to me. You take your have-a-heart bullshit and you run it down the road. Run it out on someone who doesn't know you like I do.

§Warrior ¤ Bryan Callen: Lock up the china because the boys are at it again!

§Warrior ¤ [from trailer] Tom Conlon: You had a choice, okay. You had a choice.

§Warrior ¤ Brendan Conlon: C'mon, it's not as bad as it looks. Principal Zito: Are you being literal or figurative? Because literally it looks bad. And figuratively it looks even worse. The superintendent's coming by in a few minutes. So gimme a little help here, Brendan. Can you explain to me what the hell you were doing? Brendan Conlon: I need the money, Joe. Principal Zito: Yeah, but we can't have this. This isn't moonlighting at Applebee's for Christ's sake.

§Warrior ¤ Sam Sheridan: Give the guy a break. At least he's fought in the UFC before. He's fought real fighters. I remember him. Bryan Callen: I remember him, too. I remember him being very unmemorable.

§Warrior ¤ [first lines] Paddy Conlon: [arriving home] Tommy? Jesus! What are you doing here? Tom Conlon: I was just passing through. I figured why not have a belt with the old man.

§Warrior ¤ Tom Conlon: Tiptoeing around here like a beggar - with your little cup.

§Warrior ¤ Paddy Conlon: Listen to me. I thought maybe we could break bread. You know, just open some lines of communication. Brendan Conlon: You got two lines of communication. You got the telephone and the post office.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale Sr.: Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned. The second mouse, wouldn't quit. He struggled so hard that eventually he churned that cream into butter and crawled out. Gentlemen, as of this moment, I am that second mouse.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Carl Hanratty: [Frank is making one last attempt to run by impersonating a pilot once again. Carl catches up with him at Dulles Airport] How'd you do it, Frank? How'd you pass the bar in Louisiana? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [Frank continues to walk. Carl walks several paces behind] What are you doing here? Carl Hanratty: Listen... Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I'm sorry I put you through all this. Carl Hanratty: You go back to Europe, you're gonna die in Perpignan Prison. You try to run here in the States, we'll send you back to Atlanta for 50 years. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I know that. Carl Hanratty: I spent four years trying to arrange your release. Had to convince my bosses at the FBI and the Attorney General of the United States you wouldn't run. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Why'd you do it? Carl Hanratty: You're just a kid. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I'm not your kid. You said you were going to Chicago. Carl Hanratty: My daughter can't see me this weekend. She's going skiing. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: You said she was four years old. You're lying. Carl Hanratty: She was four when I left. Now she's 15. My wife's been remarried for 11 years. I see Grace every now and again. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I don't understand. Carl Hanratty: Sure you do. Sometimes, it's easier living the lie. [Frank stops, Carl catches up] Carl Hanratty: I'm going to let you fly tonight, Frank. I'm not even going to try to stop you. That's because I know you'll be back on Monday. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Yeah? How do you know I'll come back? Carl Hanratty: Frank, look. Nobody's chasing you.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale Sr.: You know why the Yankees always win, Frank? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: 'Cause they have Mickey Mantle? Frank Abagnale Sr.: No, it's 'cause the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Carl Hanratty: Well, would you like to hear me tell a joke? Earl Amdursky: Yeah. Yeah, we'd love to hear a joke from you. Carl Hanratty: Knock knock. Earl Amdursky: Who's there? Carl Hanratty: Go fuck yourselves.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Doctor Harris: I blew it didn't I? Why didn't I concur?

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [whispering to Joanna] Hey... You should fold it. Joanna: What? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: That note. It's a fake, right? You should fold it. Joanna: It's... It's a note from my mom. I have a doctor's appointment. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Yeah, but there's no crease in the paper. When your mom hands you a note to miss school, the first thing you do is, you fold it and you put it in your pocket. I mean, if it's real, where's the crease? [Joanna folds note to give it a crease]

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [In a letter] Dear Dad, you always told me that an honest man has nothing to fear, so I'm trying my best not to be afraid.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Kid: More coffee, sir? [notices paperwork] Kid: Are you a collector? Carl Hanratty: Of what? Kid: Captives of the Cosmic Ray, The Big Freeze, Land of the Golden Giants. I've got em all. Carl Hanratty: What are you talking about? Kid: Barry Allen. The Flash. [walks away] Carl Hanratty: Wait, kid, kid, kid. You mean like the comic book? Kid: Yeah, the comic book. When he's not The Flash. That's his name, Barry Allen. Carl Hanratty: Thank you. [cut to Carl using a payphone] Carl Hanratty: Now get this: he reads comic books. Comic books! Barry Allen is The Flash! Tom Fox: Carl, slow down, slow down. I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Carl Hanratty: He's a kid. Our unsub is a kid. That's why we couldn't match his prints. That's why he doesn't have a record. Now, I want you to contact the NYPD for every all-points juvenile runaways in New York City. And don't forget the airports. He's been kiting checks all over the country. Tom Fox: But why New York? Carl Hanratty: The Yankees! He said something about the Yankees!

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [repeated line] Carl Hanratty: How'd you do it, Frank? How did you cheat on the bar exam in Louisiana?

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Brenda, I don't want to lie to you anymore. All right? I'm not a doctor. I never went to medical school. I'm not a lawyer, or a Harvard graduate, or a Lutheran. Brenda, I ran away from home a year and a half ago when I was 16. Brenda Strong: Frank? Frank? You're not a Lutheran?

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [last lines] Carl Hanratty: There's impressions on every line... looks like the original amount was for $60... Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [walks up and takes magnifier] Mind if I take a look? Carl Hanratty: [looks up] Cashed in Flagstaff a week ago. Cost the bank $16,000. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: It's a real check. Carl Hanratty: Yeah. Yeah, it's been washed. The only thing original is the signature. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: But it's perfect, Carl. I mean, this isn't hydrochloride or bleach. Carl Hanratty: No. Something new. Maybe a nail polish remover where the acetone removes the ink that's not been printed? [long pause] Carl Hanratty: How did you do it, Frank? How did you cheat on the bar exam in Louisiana? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I didn't cheat. I studied for two weeks and I passed. Carl Hanratty: Is that the truth, Frank? Is that the truth? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I'll bet this guy steals checks out of mailboxes. He washes off their names and he puts on his own. Carl Hanratty: You're saying he's a local? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Well, if it were me, you know, I'd call the bank first... check out the balance... Carl Hanratty: Make sure there's enough money in there to make it worth your while... Frank Abagnale, Jr.: You know, Carl, I think this guy's pretty smart. [Carl laughs] Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Now, all we have to do is catch him.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Roger Strong: Frank, would you like to say grace? [Long pause] Roger Strong: Unless you're not comfortable. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Absolutely. Two little mice fell into a bucket of cream. The first mouse quickly gave up and drowned, but the second mouse, he struggled so hard that he eventually churned that cream into butter and he walked out. Amen. [All say: Amen] Carol Strong: Oh, that was beautiful. The mouse, he churned that cream into butter.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Paula Abagnale: Just tell me how much he owes and I'll pay you back. Carl Hanratty: So far, it's about 1.3 million dollars.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [Carl is working alone at his desk at the FBI listening to "Mele Kalikimaka" by Bing Crosby when his phone rings] Carl Hanratty: This is Hanratty. Merry Christmas. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Hello, Carl. [Carl recognizes Frank's voice and turns his radio down] Carl Hanratty: Hello. Barry Allen, Secret Service. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I've been trying to track you down now for the last couple of hours. Carl Hanratty: What do you want? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I wanted to apologize for what happened in Los Angeles. Carl Hanratty: Uh-uh, uh-uh. No, no. You do not apologize to me. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Do you always work on Christmas Eve, Carl? Carl Hanratty: I volunteered... so men with families could go home early. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Looked like you were wearing a wedding ring out in Los Angeles. I thought maybe you had a family. Carl Hanratty: No. No family. [beat] Carl Hanratty: You want to talk to me? Let's talk face-to-face. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: All right. I'm at my suite at the Stuyvesant Arms, room 3113. In the morning, I leave for Las Vegas for the weekend. [Carl begins writing this down, but then stops himself] Carl Hanratty: You think you're gonna get me again? You're not going to Vegas. You're not in the Stuyvesant Arms. You'd love for me to send out 20 agents Christmas Eve, we barge into your hotel, knock on the door so you can make fools out of us all. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I'm really sorry if I made a fool out of you. I really am. Carl Hanratty: Uh-uh. No. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: No, listen, I really am. Carl Hanratty: No. No. You-- You do not feel sorry for me. The truth is... I knew it was you. Now maybe I didn't get the cuffs on you, but I knew. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Ah, people only know what you tell them, Carl. Carl Hanratty: Well, then, tell me this, "Barry Allen, Secret Service". How'd you know I wouldn't look in your wallet? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: The same reason the Yankees always win. Nobody can keep their eyes off the pinstripes. Carl Hanratty: The Yankees win because they have Mickey Mantle. No one ever bets on the uniform. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [chuckles] You sure about that, Carl? Carl Hanratty: I'll tell you what I am sure of. You're going to get caught. One way or another. It's a mathematical fact. It-- It's like Vegas, the House always wins. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Well, Carl, I'm sorry but I have to go. Carl Hanratty: [realizes something] Ah, you didn't call just to apologize, did you? [starts laughing] Frank Abagnale, Jr.: What do you mean? Carl Hanratty: [still laughing] You -- you have no one else to call! [laughs louder] Carl Hanratty: [Frank hangs up the phone quickly. Back at the FBI, Carl happily turns up his radio and begins singing along. Later, we see Frank exit his hotel room - it is indeed room 3113 at the Stuyvesant Arms, proving Frank was telling Carl the truth]

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [as Frank Conners] Your honor, ladies and gentlemen of the jury, this is irrefutable evidence that the defendant is, in fact, lying. Judge: Mr. Conners, this is a preliminary hearing. There is no... defendant. There is no... jury. It's just me. Son... what in the HELL is wrong with you?

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Tom Fox: He doesn't have a passport. Carl Hanratty: For the last six months, he's gone to Harvard and Berkeley. I'm betting he can get a passport.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Assistant Director Marsh: [Carl and Mr. Marsh are visiting Frank in prison; Carl hopes to convince the FBI to let Frank out of prison] I'd like for you to take a look at something, tell me what you think. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [Marsh hands Frank a fake check as Carl looks on] It's a fake. Assistant Director Marsh: How do you know? You haven't looked at it. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: There's no perforated edge, right? This check was hand-cut, not fed. The paper's double-bonded, much too heavy to be a bank check. Magnetic ink, it's raised against my fingers, not flat. This doesn't smell like MICR, it's some kind of, uh, some kind of drafting ink. The kind you get at a stationery store. Assistant Director Marsh: Frank, would you be interested in working for the FBI's Financial Crimes Unit? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I've already got a job here, you know. I, uh, deliver the mail. Assistant Director Marsh: Frank, we have the power to take you out of prison. You'd be placed in the custody of the FBI where you'd serve out the remainder of your sentence as an employee of the Federal Government. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Under whose custody? [Carl raises his hand]

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Principal Evans: Mr. and Mrs. Abagnale, this is not a question of your son's attendance. I regret to inform you that, for the past week, Frank has been teaching Mrs. Glasser's French class. Paula Abagnale: He what? Principal Evans: Your son has been pretending to be a substitute teacher, lecturing the students, uh, giving out homework, uh. Mrs. Glasser has been ill, there was some confusion with the real sub. Your son held a teacher-parent conference yesterday and was planning a class field trip to a French bread factory in Trenton.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: The truth is I'm not a doctor or a lawyer. I'm not an airline pilot. I'm nothing really. I'm just a kid in love with your daughter.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale Sr.: She's so stubborn, your mother. Don't worry, I won't let her go without a fight. I've been fighting for her since the day we met. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Dad, out of all those men - you were the one who took her home, remember that. Frank Abagnale Sr.: Two-hundred men sitting in that tiny social hall watching her dance. What was the name of that town? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Montrichard, Dad. Frank Abagnale Sr.: I didn't speak a word of French, six weeks later she was my wife.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Stop chasing me! Carl Hanratty: I can't stop, it's my job.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [when Carl catches up to him in the print shop in Montrichard] Carl? Carl! Merry Christmas! How is it we're always talking on Christmas, Carl? Every Christmas, I'm talking to you! [laughs] Carl Hanratty: Put your shirt on, Frank. You're under arrest.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Christ! Terry! This is Italian knit.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Earl Amdursky: [while Carl is setting the trap for Frank at the Miami airport] Why won't he just take a taxi to New York or Atlanta? Carl Hanratty: Because *I'm* not in New York. *I'm* not in Atlanta.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [of the FBI] Carl, how long do I have to work here? Carl Hanratty: 7:15 in the morning, 4:00 in the afternoon, 45 minutes for lunch. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I mean, how long? Carl Hanratty: Every day. Every day, Frank, until we let you go.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Carl Hanratty: Our unknown subject is a paperhanger who started working on the East Coast. In the last few weeks this unsub has developed a new form of check fraud which I'm calling "the float". What he's doing is opening checking accounts at various banks then chaning the MICR ink routing numbers at the bottom of those checks. Next slide, please. This is a map of the 12 banks of the U.S. Federal Reserve. Slide. MICR scanners at every bank read these numbers at the bottom of the check - slide - and they ship that check off to its corresponding branch. Special Agent Witkins: Carl, for those of us who are unfamiliar with bank fraud you mind telling us what the hell you're talking about? Carl Hanratty: The East Coast branches are numbered zero-one to zero-six. The central branch is zero-seven, zero-eight so on, so forth. Special Agent Witkins: You mean the numbers at the bottom of a check actually mean something? Carl Hanratty: All of this was in the report I filed two days ago. If you change a zero-two to a one-two that means a check, which was cashed in New York Federal Branch but it is rerouted all the way to San Francisco Federal Branch. The bank doesn't even know the check has bounced for two weeks, which means our unsub can stay in one place, paper the same city over and over again, while his checks circle the country.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: [donning a James Bond style suit and mimicking Sean Connery in the mirror] Hello, Pussy.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale Sr.: Where's your mother? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I don't know. She said something about going to look for a job. Frank Abagnale Sr.: What's she gonna be, a shoe salesman at a centipede farm?

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale Sr.: Do you know what would happen if the IRS found out I was driving around in a new coupe? I took the train here, Frank. I'm taking the train home.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Carl: I love my job!

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Dr. Harris, do you concur? Doctor Harris: Yes? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Do you concur? Doctor Harris: [confused] Concur with what, sir?

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Carl Hanratty: But, sir, we're gonna let him get away. Assistant Director Marsh: No, Carl, you let him get away.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Sentencing Judge: taking into account the gravity of these crimes, your history of bold and elusive behavior, and your complete lack of respect for the laws of the United States. I have no choice but to ignore your request to be treated as a minor, and sentence you to twelve years in Atlanta's maximum security prison, and recommend strongly that you be kept in isolation for the entirety of that sentence.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [Carl is looking around Frank Abagnale Sr.'s apartment, when he comes through the door] Frank Abagnale Sr.: [annoyed] Make yourself at home! Carl Hanratty: Frank Abagnale Sr.? Frank Abagnale Sr.: You're not a cop! Carl Hanratty: [flashes credentials] Special Agent Hanratty, FBI. Frank Abagnale Sr.: [now calmer] You're not a cop! My landlord told me you were not a cop. Well, if you're going to arrest me, I'd like to put on a different suit if that's okay with you. Carl Hanratty: No, no. I'm not here to arrest you. I'm looking for your son. He's in trouble. Do you know where he is? Frank Abagnale Sr.: If I tell you where he is, will you promise not to tell his mother? Carl Hanratty: Sure. Frank Abagnale Sr.: Frank made a fake I.D. and enlisted in the Marine Corps. He's over in Vietnam right now. That kid is halfway around the world, crawling through the damn jungle, fighting the Communists so... please, don't come to my home and call my boy a criminal, because that kid has more guts... Carl Hanratty: I never said he was a criminal, Mr. Abagnale. I said he was in trouble. If you'd like to give me a call and talk, here's my number. [Carl grabs a pen from a table filled with letters and writes down his information. As he peers down, he sees a letter from Frank giving his location as Riverbend Apartments, Atlanta, Georgia] Frank Abagnale Sr.: You're not a father, are you? Carl Hanratty: [looks back up] Pardon me? Frank Abagnale Sr.: If you were a father, you'd know. I would never give up my son. I would never give up my son. Carl Hanratty: Yes, sir. I understand.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Roger Strong: A doctor, a lawyer, a Lutheran. So what are you, Frank? 'Cause I think you're about to ask for my daughter's hand in marriage and I have a right to know. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Know what, sir? Roger Strong: The truth. Tell me the truth, Frank. What are you doing here? What is a man like you doing with Brenda? If you want my blessing, if you want my daughter, I'd like to hear it from you now. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: The truth is, sir, that... The truth is that... I'm not a doctor, I'm not a lawyer, I'm not an airline pilot. I'm... I'm nothing, really. I'm-I'm-I'm just a kid who's in love with your daughter. Roger Strong: [beat] No. [sits down next to him, his demeanor still stern] Roger Strong: You know what you are? [brightens] Roger Strong: You're a romantic. Men like us are nothing without the women we love. I must confess, I'm guilty of the same foolish whimsy. I proposed to Carol after five dates with two nickels in my pockets and holes in my shoes because I knew she was the one. [stands] Roger Strong: So, go ahead, Frank. Don't be afraid. Ask the question you came here to ask me. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Sir, uh, uh... w-what would I have to do to take the bar here in New Orleans? [Roger chuckles a bit] Roger Strong: No, the -- the other question. [smiles, looks expectant]

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [LAST TITLE CARD]: Frank Abagnale Jr. has been married for 26 years. He has three sons and lives a quiet life in the Midwest.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [LAST TITLE CARD]: Frank and Carl remain close friends to this day.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Frank Abagnale Sr.: ...I am your father. Frank Abagnale, Jr.: Then ask me to stop. Then ask me to stop. Frank Abagnale Sr.: You can't stop.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [LAST TITLE CARD]: Since his release from prison in 1974, Frank has helped the FBI capture some of the world's elusive check forgers and counterfeiters, and is considered one of the world's foremost authorities on bank fraud and forgery.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [LAST TITLE CARD]: Frank has also designed many of the secure checks that banks and fortune 500 companies use every day.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ [LAST TITLE CARD]: For his services, these companies pay Frank Abagnale Jr. millions of dollars a year.

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Candy: We'll be travelling at 6000 miles per hour at an altitude of 300 feet

§Catch Me If You Can ¤ Carl Hanratty: I've always wondered, how did you pass the Bar Exam? Frank Abagnale, Jr.: I passed it.

§Gran Torino ¤ Duke: What you lookin' at, old man? Walt Kowalski: Ever notice how you come across somebody once in a while you shouldn't have fucked with? That's me.

§Gran Torino ¤ Barber Martin: There. You finally look like a human being again. You shouldn't wait so long between hair cuts, you cheap son of a bitch. Walt Kowalski: Yeah. I'm surprised you're still around. I was always hoping you'd die off and they got someone in here that knew what the hell they were doing. Instead, you're just hanging around like the doo-wop dago you are. Barber Martin: That'll be ten bucks, Walt. Walt Kowalski: Ten bucks? Jesus Christ, Marty. What are you, half Jew or somethin'? You keep raising the damn prices all the time. Barber Martin: It's been ten bucks for the last five years, you hard-nosed Polack son of a bitch. Walt Kowalski: Yeah, well keep the change. Barber Martin: See you in three weeks, prick. Walt Kowalski: Not if I see you first, dipshit.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: Oh, I've got one. A Mexican, a Jew, and a colored guy go into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, "Get the fuck out of here."

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: I'll blow a hole in your face then go inside and sleep like a baby.

§Gran Torino ¤ [last lines] Lawyer: [reading from Walt's will] And I'd like to leave my 1972 Gran Torino to... [the lawyer pauses and looks up at Ashley, who smiles expectantly] Lawyer: ...my friend... Thao Vang Lor. On the condition that you don't chop-top the roof like one of those beaners, don't paint any idiotic flames on it like some white trash hillbilly, and don't put a big, gay spoiler on the rear end like you see on all the other zipperheads' cars. It just looks like hell. If you can refrain from doing any of that... it's yours.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [sneering and aiming his gun] Get off my lawn!

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [to Father Janovich] I think you're an overeducated 27-year-old virgin who likes to hold the hands of superstitious old ladies and promise them everlasting life.

§Gran Torino ¤ Father Janovich: What can I do for you Walt? Walt Kowalski: I'm here for confession. Father Janovich: Holy Jesus, what did you do?

§Gran Torino ¤ Thao Vang Lor: Excuse me, Sir, I need a haircut if you ain't too busy, you old Italian son of a bitch prick barber. Boy, does my ass hurt from all of the guys at my construction job.

§Gran Torino ¤ Father Janovich: Why didn't you call the police? Walt Kowalski: Well you know, I prayed for them to come but nobody answered.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: Take these three items, some WD-40, a vise grip, and a roll of duct tape. Any man worth his salt can fix almost any problem with this stuff alone.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: Now you just gotta learn how guys talk. You just listen to the way Martin and I banter it back and forth. You OK? You're ready? Thao Vang Lor: Sir! Walt Kowalski: Alright let's go in... Barber Martin: Perfect! A Polak and AND a Chink! Walt Kowalski: How ya doing Martin, you crazy Italian prick? Barber Martin: Walts! You cheap bastard! I should have known you'd come in, I was having such a pleasant day! Walt Kowalski: What'd you do? You ruse some poor blind guy out of his money? Gave him the wrong change? Barber Martin: Who's the Nip? Walt Kowalski: Ohh... He's a pussy kid from next door. I'm trying to man him up a little bit... You see kid, now that's how guys talk to one another. Thao Vang Lor: They do? Barber Martin: What, you got shit on your ribs? Walt Kowalski: Now you go out and come back in and talk to him like a man, like a REAL man. Come on! Get your ass outta here! Come on back now. [to Martin] Walt Kowalski: Sorry about this. Thao Vang Lor: What's up ya old Italian prick? Barber Martin: [pointing rifle at Thao] Get out of my shop before I blow your head off, you goddamn dick sucker! Go! Walt Kowalski: Jezus Christ, Holy Shit! Hehe. Take it easy, take it easy! [to Thao] Walt Kowalski: What the hell are you doing? Have you lost your mind? Thao Vang Lor: But that's what you said. That's what you said men say. Walt Kowalski: You don't just come in and insult the man in his own shop! You just don't do that. What happens if you meet some stranger? You get the wrong one, he's gonna blow your gook head right off! Thao Vang Lor: What should I have said then? Barber Martin: Well... why don't you start with... eeehm... Hi or Hello... Walt Kowalski: Yeah, just come in and say... eeeehm... Sir, I'd like a haircut if you have the time. Barber Martin: Yeah, be polite, but don't kiss ass. Walt Kowalski: In fact you could talk about a construction job you just came from and bitch about your girlfriend and your car. Barber Martin: eeeehm... Son of a bitch, I just got my brakes fixed and eeehmm those son of bitches really nailed me, I mean they screwed me right in the ass! Walt Kowalski: Yeah, don't swear AT the guy, just talk about people who are not in the room... eeeh... you could talk about your boss... eeeh... making you work extra time when there is bowling night. Barber Martin: Right, or... eeeh... my old lady bitches for two goddamn hours about how... eeeeh... they don't take expired coupons at the grocery stores. And the minute I turn on the fucking game, she starts crying how we never talk!

§Gran Torino ¤ Smokie: Are you fucking crazy? Go back in the house. Walt Kowalski: Yeah? I blow a hole in your face and then I go in the house... and I sleep like a baby. You can count on that. We used to stack fucks like you five feet high in Korea... use ya for sandbags.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: You wanna know what it's like to kill a man? Well, it's goddamn awful, that's what it is. The only thing worse is getting a medal... for killing some poor kid that wanted to just give up, that's all. Yeah, some scared little gook just like you. I shot him in the face with that rifle you were holding in there a while ago. Not a day goes by that I don't think about it, and you don't want that on your soul.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: What the hell does everybody want with my Gran Torino?

§Gran Torino ¤ Youa: You're funny. Walt Kowalski: I've been called a lot of things, but never funny.

§Gran Torino ¤ Sue Lor: There's a ton of food. Walt Kowalski: Yeah, well just keep your hands off my dog. Sue Lor: No worries, we only eat cats.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: I once fixed a door that wasn't even broken yet.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: Relax, zipperhead. I'm not gonna shoot you. I'd look down too, if I was you. You know, I knew you were a dipshit the first time I ever saw you. Then I thought you were worse with women than stealing cars... Toad. Thao Vang Lor: It's Thao. Walt Kowalski: What? Thao Vang Lor: It's not Toad, my name is Thao. Walt Kowalski: Yeah, well, you were blowing it with that girl who was there. Not that I give two shits about a toad like you. Thao Vang Lor: You don't know what you're talking about. Walt Kowalski: You're wrong, eggroll, I know exactly what I'm talking about. I may not be the most pleasant person to be around, but I got the best woman who was ever on this planet to marry me. I worked at it, it was the best thing ever happened to me. Hands down. But you, you know, you're letting Click-Clack, Ding-Dong and Charlie Chan just walk out with Miss What's-her-face. She likes you, you know? Though I don't know why! Thao Vang Lor: Who? Walt Kowalski: Yum Yum. You know, the girl in the purple sweater. She's been looking at you all day, stupid! Thao Vang Lor: You mean Youa? Walt Kowalski: Yeah... Yum Yum... yeah... nice girl... nice girl, very charming girl... I talked with her... yeah. But you, you just let her walk out right out with the Three Stooges. And you know why? 'Cause you're a big fat pussy. Well, I gotta go. Good day, pussycake.

§Gran Torino ¤ Thao Vang Lor: [Walt's smoking] You should quit. Those things are bad for you. Walt Kowalski: Yeah? So's being in a gang.

§Gran Torino ¤ Thug: How old are you anyway? Sue Lor: Mentally, I'm way too old for you.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [about Thao] I don't care about him. Sue Lor: You hang out with him, you teach him to fix things, you saved him from that fucked cousin of ours. Walt Kowalski: Watch your language, lady. Sue Lor: And you're a better man to him than our own father was. You're a good man.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: I'm here for a confession. Father Janovich: Oh, Lord Jesus what have you done?

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: I confess that I have no desire to confess.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: You got your whole life ahead of you, but for me, I finish things.

§Gran Torino ¤ [walking over to some black thugs] Walt Kowalski: What are you spooks up to?

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [to Father Janovich] The thing that haunts a guy is the stuff he wasn't ordered to do.

§Gran Torino ¤ Father Janovich: Go in peace. Walt Kowalski: Oh, I am at peace.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: I used to stack fucks likes you five feet high in Korea... use ya for sand bags.

§Gran Torino ¤ Father Janovich: [eulogizing Walt] Walt Kowalski once said to me that I knew nothing about life or death, because I was an over-educated, 27-year-old virgin who held the hand of superstitious old women and promised them eternity. [the congregation chuckles politely and somberly] Father Janovich: Walt definitely had no problem calling it like he saw it. But he was right. I knew really nothing about life or death, until I got to know Walt... and boy, did I learn.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: Hey Kennedy: You drunken Irish goon, how the hell are ya? Tim Kennedy: I'm shitty, but who's gonna listen? Walt Kowalski: Not me, that's for sure [Kowalski poors some coffee from Kennedy's coffee maker] Tim Kennedy: [Sarcastic] Oh, uh, help yourself there, Walt. You dumb Pollack.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: You know, Thao and Sue are never going to find peace in this world as long as that gang's around.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [to Su] Get me another beer, Dragon Lady! This one's running on empty.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [aims gun at thug] Shut your fuckin' face!

§Gran Torino ¤ Sue Lor: Kind of ironic, isn't it? Walt Kowalski: What is? Sue Lor: Thao washing your car after he tried to steal it. Walt Kowalski: And if he misses a spot, he has to do it all over again.

§Gran Torino ¤ Sue Lor: All the people in this house are very traditional. Number one: never touch a Hmong person on the head. Not even a child. The Hmong people believe that the soul resides on the head, so don't do that. Walt Kowalski: Well... Sounds dumb, but fine. Sue Lor: Yeah, and a lot of Hmong people consider looking someone in the eye to be very rude! That's why they look away when you look at them. Walt Kowalski: Yeah. Anything else? Sue Lor: Yeah... some Hmong people tend to smile or grin, when they're yelled at. It's a cultural thing, it expresses embarrassment or insecurity. It's not that they're laughing at you or anything. Walt Kowalski: Right, you people are nuts.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: Jesus, Joseph and Mary. These Hmong broads are like badgers.

§Gran Torino ¤ Thao Vang Lor: What was it like to kill someone? Walt Kowalski: You don't want to know.

§Gran Torino ¤ Mitch Kowalski: What would I want? Walt Kowalski: I don't know... Your wife's already gone through all of your mother's jewelry.

§Gran Torino ¤ Sue Lor: The Lutherans brought us over. Walt Kowalski: Everybody blames the Lutherans.

§Gran Torino ¤ Ashley Kowalski: [clearly uninterested] Grandpa Walt, you want me to help you with that, the chairs? Walt Kowalski: No, you probably just painted your nails.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [about his son] I worked in Ford for 50 years and he sells Japanese cars.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: I'm no hero. I was just trying to get that babbling gook off my lawn!

§Gran Torino ¤ Josh Kowalski: [making the sign of the cross] Spectacles, testicles, wallet, and watch.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [Walt has just gotten Thao a job from his Irish friend] Come on, Zipperhead. We'll leave the mick here to play with himself.

§Gran Torino ¤ Sue Lor: Hmong girls over here fit in better. The girls go to college and the boys go to jail.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: I got blood on my hands, I'm soiled. That's why I'm going it alone tonight.

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: [Looking at the elderly Hmong woman next door] The old hag hates my guts!

§Gran Torino ¤ Walt Kowalski: Relax, Zipperhead.

§Gran Torino ¤ Barber Martin: That'll be 10 bucks, Walt. Walt Kowalski: Jesus, what are you, half Jew?

§Klaus ¤ Klaus: A true selfless act always sparks another.

§Klaus ¤ Klaus: [from trailer] We need to show people that a true, selfless act always sparks another.

§Klaus ¤ [last lines] Jesper: What happened to him after that, how, why, I can't even begin to comprehend. I stopped trying to make sense of it a long time ago. But I do know: once, every year, I get to see my friend.

§Klaus ¤ Klaus: Ho ho ho! Jesper: Wait, wait, wait. Time out. Really? THAT'S how you laugh?

§Klaus ¤ Klaus: [after Jesper is burned during a delivery] What happen-? Jesper: [irritated] Not a word. You just sit there. And be all magical and awesome.

§Klaus ¤ [last words] Klaus: I'm coming, my love. [walks towards the light, and fades away]

§Klaus ¤ Jesper: Ha! Eat our snow, you- [since the reindeer aren't attached, the sleigh starts to roll backwards] Jesper: They're not attached. Why aren't they attached? I thought they were attached. I never in a million years would've done what I just did if I didn't think these were attached.

§Klaus ¤ [first lines] Jesper: [narrating] Letters. You don't really write many these days, do you? But I bet there's one you never forget. Send it off to a certain plump guy in a red suit and, provided you've kept your act together more or less, he'll drop off a toy or two. And yet, no one seems to wonder how the whole thing got started in the first place. This is a story about letters, and it began... with this one...

§Klaus ¤ [from trailer] Jesper: Good morning, madam! Ah, and a good morning it is indeed! For, you see, today is the day when progress arrives in this charming little town of yours! Now, let me steal a few moments of your time to introduce to you the novel concept that is the postal service... [the door slams in his face]

§Klaus ¤ Jesper: [from trailer] Mister Klaus, you have a gift. You were meant for making toys. So, I figured, if you donate your old toys, I'll deliver them for free! Klaus: Tonight. I go with you. Jesper: There's no need for you to come with me, really. [Klaus shuts the door and a pile of snow lands on Jesper's head] Jesper: Tonight, then.

§Klaus ¤ Mrs. Krum: This town was built on resentment and spite. And it'll stay that way as long as a Krum... Mr. Ellingboe: Or an Ellingboe! Mrs. Krum: Ugh. Have something to say about it.

§Klaus ¤ Mrs. Krum: Look around, Aksel! Where is your clan? Mr. Ellingboe: Uh... Mrs. Krum: I'll tell you where they are - they're at block parties! Hayrides! And COOK-OUTS! Concerned Ellingboe Man: Don't forget about the brunches! Ellingboe Councilwoman: [sobbing] It was a book club that took my poor Sven! Mrs. Krum: You see? The postman and that old toy maker are brainwashing everyone! Mr. Ellingboe: What are you saying? Mrs. Krum: I'm saying it's time to join forces against a common enemy! I'm saying... we need a TRUCE. [all gasp] Mr. Ellingboe: A truce? Have you gone mad? Mrs. Krum: Either we band together to take care of this, or it's gonna be all book clubs and cookouts from here on... Concerned Ellingboe Man: And brunches! Don't forget about the brunches! Mrs. Krum: Yes, that. That too. Mr. Ellingboe: So... we must join together in peace, to stop this peace?

§Klaus ¤ Mrs. Krum: Do you know what this is, little boy? Mr. Ellingboe: This is tradition! Mrs. Krum: Centuries of glorious hatred, passed down through generations! There was the hundred-day brawl of '45... Mr. Ellingboe: ...which we totally won! Mrs. Krum: The maritime game of chicken. Mr. Ellingboe: The Great Mooning of '86. Mrs. Krum: So, if there's something we know... Mr. Ellingboe: ...going back as far as we can remember... Mrs. Krum: ...it's that a Krum despises an Ellingboe... Mr. Ellingboe: ...and an Ellingboe can't stand a Krum!

§Klaus ¤ [from trailer] Jesper: [greets a little girl] Awww, aren't you the cutest little thing! Tell me, sweetie, is your mommy home? [the girl sets her dog on him]

§Klaus ¤ [from trailer] Jesper: [looks around a toy workshop] Hello? [Klaus growls behind him]

§Klaus ¤ Alva: [from trailer] Hey! What do you guys think you're doing? This is Smeerensburg, the unhappiest place on Earth. And you two can't change that!

§Klaus ¤ Mrs. Krum: [ambushing Klaus the night of delivery] Well now, isn't this convenient? Klaus: What are you doing here? Mrs. Krum: Why, we were just thinking... don't our children also deserve a present? Mr. Ellingboe: [gesturing at the sack of toys] And lookee here - you've already got her favorite thing in the world! A nice, big piñata! Alva: Hey, you put one hand on those toys, and I swear...! Klaus: [restraining her] Stand back! All right, do what you will with the toys. But no one gets hurt! Mrs. Krum: Suits us just fine. How long until children go back to the old ways once there are no toys to bribe them with? How long until they turn against each other? And how long until the grownups follow?

§Klaus ¤ Alva: Are... you going... to buy something? Herring's on sale today.

§Klaus ¤ [Jesper approaches a wooden hut beside a docked boat. A scruffy, middle-aged man rests inside the hut. Jesper huffs, then clears his throat] Mogens: You go back to the intersection, you make a left at the dead tree. You're welcome. Jesper: What? No. I'm not lost. Mogens: Trust me, you are. [Jesper laughs sarcastically] Jesper: Funny. Say, nice boat! Any chance you might actually get on it today? [Mogens lifts his hat] Mogens: What was that? Jesper: New postman. Smeerensburg. Which is on an island, which is surrounded by water, which I need a boat to get to, which you have. Are we starting to connect the dots? [Mogens gives Jesper a jaded smile]

§Klaus ¤ [Jesper is woken by a knock at the door] Jesper: [clumsily swinging a makeshift spear around and dropping it on the floor] He's here to finish the job! Oh no! Annelise: Mr. Postman? Are you in there? [Jesper peers through the door at the kids] Jesper: Go away! Go! Leave! He'll hear you!

§Klaus ¤ Mogens: Ah, young love - takes me back, you know. The intense looks, the palpitation of the heart... the whimpering and the soiling of the pants? No - I can't relate to so much.

§Klaus ¤ Jesper: [whimpering] That's it! This place is the worst! I'm going home! [firm voice] Jesper: NO! You can't leave! Remember? You'll be broke! Out in the streets! [sobbing] Jesper: But I hate it here, it's so cold and icky and the people are mean to me and I miss my silk sheets... [slaps himself] Jesper: Shut up! Stop being weak! Focus!

§Klaus ¤ Postmaster General: Anchors aweigh captain, we're sailing off at once. Mogens: [looking at Jesper] Well, that's a first. Postmaster General: I beg your pardon? Mogens: Never saw a postman looking more miserable leaving than on the day they came in... Oh well, best leave it alone I say. I'm sure it's nothing that could eventually fester and become a source of regret.

§Klaus ¤ Jesper: [from trailer] Come on! We're running out of time! Those kids are counting on us!

§Klaus ¤ Mogens: [mocking Jesper's failure to post letters] Is this a bad time? I can see you're pretty swamped! Jesper: [exhausted] Don't... you... have... a job... or something? Mogens: Why, sure I do! I'm here to pick up all the outgoing mail! So - where is it? Now, you're gonna have to help me with the heavier bags. Bad back, don't you know. Jesper: Man, I hate you. Mogens: I know.

§Godzilla Minus One ¤ Noriko Oishi: Is your war finally over?

§Godzilla Minus One ¤ Yoji Akitsu: To have never gone to war is something to be proud of.

§Godzilla Minus One ¤ Koichi Shikishima: That monster... will never forgive us. [Trailer only, not in the final film]

§Godzilla Minus One ¤ Noriko Oishi: Is that... Godzilla?

§Godzilla Minus One ¤ Yoji Akitsu: Godzilla looks really ticked off.

§Godzilla Minus One ¤ Shiro Mizushima: [after seeing the size and strength of Godzilla] Okay, never mind.

§Godzilla Minus One ¤ Koichi Shikishima: It was like a prehistoric dinosaur turned monster.

§My Neighbor Totoro ¤ Tatsuo Kusakabe: Trees and people used to be good friends. I saw that tree and decided to buy the house. Hope Mom likes it too. Okay, let's pay our respects then get home for lunch.

§My Neighbor Totoro ¤ Satsuki, Mei Kusakabe: Come out, come out, wherever you are!

§My Neighbor Totoro ¤ Mei Kusakabe: To-to-ro? You're Totoro!... I bet you're Totoro...

§My Neighbor Totoro ¤ Satsuki: You're such a baby! Just grow up!

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: It wasn't fault. I was wrong to say that. Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: You damn right. I found you a fighter. You made her the best fighter she could be. Frankie Dunn: I killed her. Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Don't say that. Maggie walked through that door with nothing buts guts. No chance in the world of being what she needed to be. It was because of you that she was fighting the championship of the world. You did that. People die everyday, Frankie - mopping floors, washing dishes and you know what their last thought is? I never got my shot. Because of you Maggie got her shot. If she dies today you know what her last thought would be? I think I did all right.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: If there's magic in boxing, it's the magic of fighting battles beyond endurance, beyond cracked ribs, ruptured kidneys and detached retinas. It's the magic of risking everything for a dream that nobody sees but you.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: I'm 32, Mr. Dunn, and I'm here celebrating the fact that I spent another year scraping dishes and waitressing which is what I've been doing since 13, and according to you, I'll be 37 before I can even throw a decent punch, which I have to admit, after working on this speed bag for a month getting nowhere may be the God's simple truth. Other truth is, my brother's in prison, my sister cheats on welfare by pretending one of her babies is still alive, my daddy's dead, and my momma weighs 312lbs. If I was thinking straight, I'd go back home, find a used trailer, buy a deep fryer and some oreos. Problem is, this the only thing I ever felt good doing. If I'm too old for this, then I got nothing. That enough truth to suit you?

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: I do have one favor to ask of you boss. Frankie Dunn: Anything you want. Maggie Fitzgerald: Remember what my daddy did for Axel? Frankie Dunn: [long pause] Don't even think about that. Maggie Fitzgerald: I can't be like this, Frankie. Not after what I've done. I've seen the world. People chanted my name. Well, not my name... some damn name you gave me. But they were chanting for me. I was in magazines. You think I ever dreamed that'd happen? I was born two pounds, one-and-a-half ounces. Daddy used to tell me I'd fight my way into this world, and I'd fight my way out. That's all I wanna do, Frankie. I just don't wanna fight you to do it. I got what I needed. I got it all. Don't let 'em keep taking it away from me. Don't let me lie here 'till I can't hear those people chanting no more.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: [to Maggie] All right. I'm gonna disconnect your air machine, then you're gonna go to sleep. Then I'll give you a shot, and you'll... stay asleep. Mo cuishle means "My darling, my blood."

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: Girlie, tough ain't enough.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: She's tough, I can't go inside, I can't get close enough to hit her. Frankie Dunn: You know why that is? Maggie Fitzgerald: Why? Frankie Dunn: Cause she's a better fighter than you are, that's why. She's younger, she's stronger, and she's more experienced. Now, what are you gonna do about it? Maggie Fitzgerald: [Next round starts. Maggie knocks her out in few seconds]

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ [Eddie has his feet up on the desk] Frankie Dunn: You got big holes in your socks. Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Oh, they're not that big. Frankie Dunn: Didn't I give you money for some new ones? Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: These are my sleeping socks. My feet like a little air at night. Frankie Dunn: How come you're wearing them in the daytime, then? Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: 'Cause my daytime socks got too many holes in them.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: Momma, you take Mardell and JD and get home 'fore I tell that lawyer there that you were so worried about your welfare you never signed those house papers like you were supposed to. So anytime I feel like it I can sell that house from under your fat, lazy, hillbilly ass. And if you ever come back, that's exactly what I'll do.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: I've got nobody but you, Frankie. Frankie Dunn: Well, you've got me.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Frankie likes to say that boxing is an unnatural act, that everything in boxing is backwards: sometimes the best way to deliver a punch is to step back... But step back too far and you ain't fighting at all.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: The body knows what fighters don't: how to protect itself. A neck can only twist so far. Twist it just a hair more and the body says, "Hey, I'll take it from here because you obviously don't know what you're doing... Lie down now, rest, and we'll talk about this when you regain your senses." It's called the knockout mechanism.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: You forgot the rule. Now, what is the rule? Maggie Fitzgerald: Keep my left up? Frankie Dunn: Is to protect yourself at all times. Now, what is the rule? Maggie Fitzgerald: Protect myself at all times. Frankie Dunn: Good. Good.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Father Horvak: What's confusing you this week? Frankie Dunn: Oh, it's the same old "one God-three God" thing. Father Horvak: Frankie, most people figure out by kindergarten, it's about faith. Frankie Dunn: Is it sort of like Snap, Crackle, and Pop, all rolled into one big box? Father Horvak: You're standing outside my church, comparing God to Rice Krispies? The only reason you can romance at me is to wind me up. It's not gonna happen this morning. Frankie Dunn: Well, I'm confused. Father Horvak: No, you aren't. Frankie Dunn: Yes, I am. Father Horvak: Then here's your answer: There's one God. Anything else? Because I'm busy. Frankie Dunn: What about the Holy Ghost? Father Horvak: He's an expression of God's love. Frankie Dunn: And Jesus? Father Horvak: Son of God, don't play stupid. Frankie Dunn: So is Jesus a demigod? Father Horvak: There are no demigods, you fucking pagan!

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: Hit the bag. Maggie Fitzgerald: Like this? [she hits the speed bag] Frankie Dunn: Stop. Maggie Fitzgerald: What'd I do wrong? Frankie Dunn: Okay, you did two things wrong, one is you asked a question and two is you asked another question.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: I saw your last fight, Shawrelle. Spent so much time face down I thought the canvas had titties.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ British referee: Ten minutes, luv. Maggie Fitzgerald: Man says he loves me. Frankie Dunn: Well, he's probably not the first one to say that. Maggie Fitzgerald: First since my daddy. Frankie Dunn: Hm. Maggie Fitzgerald: I win, you think he'll propose? Frankie Dunn: You win, *I'll* propose.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Ref #1: Is this your fighter? Frankie Dunn: This is my fighter.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Some people say the most important thing a fighter can have is heart. Frankie'd say: show me a fighter who was nothing but heart and I'll show you a man waiting for a beating.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: We're flying? Frankie Dunn: Would you rather drive? Maggie Fitzgerald: You're askin' me? Frankie Dunn: Would you rather fly or would you rather drive? Maggie Fitzgerald: So, I finally get to decide something? Frankie Dunn: That's what I'm saying. Maggie Fitzgerald: Fine. Fly there, drive back. Frankie Dunn: That's the stupidest thing I ever heard of. How the hell we gonna do that? Maggie Fitzgerald: You said it was up to me.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: People love violence. They'll slow down at a car wreck to check for bodies. Same people claim to love boxing. They got no idea what it is. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: So is Jesus a Demigod? Father Horvak: There are no Demigods, you fucking Pagan!

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Danger Barch: Anyone can lose one fight.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: You're gonna leave me again? Frankie Dunn: Never.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: [after hitting someone] 110. Get a job, punk.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: She came from southwest Missoura, the hills outside the scratchy-ass Ozark town of Theodosia, set in the cedars and oak trees, somewhere between nowhere and goodbye.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: To make a fighter you gotta strip them down to bare wood: you can't just tell 'em to forget everything you know if you gotta make 'em forget even their bones... make 'em so tired they only listen to you, only hear your voice, only do what you say and nothing else... show 'em how to keep their balance and take it away from the other guy... how to generate momentum off their right toe and how to flex your knees when you fire a jab... how to fight backin' up so that the other guy doesn't want to come after you. Then you gotta show 'em all over again. Over and over and over... till they think they're born that way.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: I seen you looking at me. Frankie Dunn: Yeah, out of pity. Maggie Fitzgerald: Don't you say that. Don't you say that if it ain't true. I want a trainer. I don't want charity, and I don't want favours.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: I swear to God, Father, it's committing a sin by doing it. By keeping her alive, I'm killing her. Do you know what I mean? How do I get around that? Father Horvak: You don't. You step aside, Frankie. You leave her with God. Frankie Dunn: She's not asking for God's help. She's asking for mine. Father Horvak: Frankie, I've seen you at Mass almost every day for 23 years. The only person comes to church that much is the kind who can't forgive himself for something. Whatever sins you're carrying, they're nothing compared to this. Forget about God or heaven and hell. If you do this thing, you'll be lost. Somewhere so deep you'll never find yourself again. Frankie Dunn: I think I did it already.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: I think someone should count to 10.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ [last lines] Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: [Narrating] No matter where he is, I thought you should know what kind of man your father really was.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: I can't be like this, Frankie. Not after what I've done. I've seen the world. People chanted my name. Well, not my name, some damn name you gave me. They were chanting for me. I was in magazines. You think I ever dreamed that'd happen? I was born two pounds, one-and-a-half ounces. Daddy used to tell me I'd fight my way into this world, and I'd fight my way out. That's all I wanna do, Frankie. I just don't wanna fight you to do it. I got what I needed. I got it all. Don't let 'em keep taking it away from me. Don't let me lie here 'till I can't hear those people chanting no more.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: They took my leg, boss. Frankie Dunn: It's gonna be alright, you hear? Maggie Fitzgerald: I always hear your voice, boss.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Father Horvak: Frankie, I've seen you at Mass almost every day for 23 years. The only person comes to church that much is the kind who can't forgive himself for something.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: How many times do I got to tell you that bleach is bleach. Why can't you just buy the cheap stuff, you always have to buy the expensive stuff. Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: It smells better, Frankie. Frankie Dunn: Bleach smells like bleach.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: How many eyes do you need to finish this fight? Maggie Fitzgerald: One's enough.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Danger Barch: [of a water bottle] How'd you get all the ice in here through this little tiny hole?

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: All fighters are pig-headed some way or another: some part of them always thinks they know better than you about something. Truth is: even if they're wrong, even if that one thing is going to be the ruin of them, if you can beat that last bit out of them... they ain't fighters at all.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: She's getting pretty good. Frankie Dunn: Yeah, real fast. It's almost as if someone's been helping her. Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Oh, I don't know. She might just be a natural. Looks like she's got something. Frankie Dunn: She's got my speed bag, that's what she's got. Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: I wonder how the hell she got that. Frankie Dunn: [walking away] I wonder!

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: There is magic in fighting battles beyond endurance

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: [narrator/Dupris] "Maggie always did like taking 'em out in the first round."

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: You got any family, boss? Frankie Dunn: What? Maggie Fitzgerald: You're spending so much time with me. I didn't know if you had any. Frankie Dunn: Well, I've got a daughter, Katie. Maggie Fitzgerald: Well that's family. Frankie Dunn: We're not exactly close. Maggie Fitzgerald: How much she weigh? Frankie Dunn: What? Maggie Fitzgerald: Trouble in my family comes by the pound.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Boxing is an unnatural act. Cos everything in it is backwards. You wanna move to the left, you don't step left, you push on the right toe. To move right, you use your left toe. Instead of running from the pain - like a sane person would do, you step into it.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Anybody can lose one fight, anybody can lose once, you'll come back from this you'll be champion of the world.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Maggie Fitzgerald: Working the bag, boss. Frankie Dunn: I'm not your boss and that bag's working you.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: I'm gonna get you out of here. These doctors around here don't know squat. Otherwise, why would they be living out here in the desert? As soon as you're able to be moved, we'll find someplace where they've actually studied medicine.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Yeah right, you're the smart one. You're the one learning Greek. Frankie Dunn: It's Gaelic. Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: Well you just protected yourself out of a championship fight! How do you say that in Gaelic?

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: I want you to jab, right in the tits, until they turn blue and fall off.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ Frankie Dunn: You wouldn't start training to be a ballerina at 31 now, would you? Maggie Fitzgerald: Already been workin' it for three years. Frankie Dunn: And you can't hit a speed bag? What kind of training is that? Maggie Fitzgerald: I never had any, boss. Frankie Dunn: Well, I hate to say it, but it shows.

§Million Dollar Baby ¤ [first lines] Eddie Scrap-Iron Dupris: [Narrating] Only ever met one man I wouldn't wanna fight. When I met him he was already the best cut man in the business. Started training and managing in the sixties, but never lost his gift.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Professor Albus Dumbledore: Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living and above all, those who live without love.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Molly Weasley: [to Bellatrix Lestrange] Not my daughter, you bitch!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Remus Lupin: It is the quality of one's convictions that determines success, not the number of followers. Kingsley Shacklebolt: Who said that? Remus Lupin: Me.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Professor Albus Dumbledore: After all this time? Professor Severus Snape: Always.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Harry Potter: We have to go there, now. Hermione Granger: What? We can't do that! We've got to plan! We've got to figure it out... Harry Potter: Hermione! When have any of our plans ever actually worked? We plan, we get there, all hell breaks loose!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ [from trailer] Lord Voldemort: Harry Potter, the boy who lived... come to die. Avada Kedavra!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Professor Albus Dumbledore: Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Harry Potter: Is this all real? Or is it just happening inside my head? Professor Albus Dumbledore: Of course it's happening inside your head, Harry. Why should that mean that it's not real?

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Lord Voldemort: [Deleted scene] Why do you live? Harry Potter: Because I have something worth living for.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Neville Longbottom: Right then, so what's the plan Harry? Harry Potter: Okay, there's something we need to find, something hidden here in the castle, and it may help us defeat You-Know-Who. Neville Longbottom: Right, what is it? Harry Potter: We don't know. Dean Thomas: Where is it? Harry Potter: We don't know that either. I realise that's not much to go on. Seamus Finnigan: That's nothing to go on.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Professor Albus Dumbledore: We both know Lord Voldemort has ordered the Malfoy boy to murder me. But should he fail, I should presume the Dark Lord will turn to you. You must be the one to kill me, Severus. It is the only way. Only then will the Dark Lord trust you completely. [Flashback of Snape killing Dumbledore] Professor Albus Dumbledore: There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something. But you must wait until Voldemort is at his most vulnerable. Professor Severus Snape: Must be told what? [Shot of Snape going through the halls of the Potter house] Professor Albus Dumbledore: On the night Lord Voldemort went to Godric's Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the curse rebounded. When that happened, a part of Voldemort's soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find. Harry himself. There's a reason Harry can speak with snakes. There's a reason he can look into Lord Voldemort's mind. A part of Voldemort lives inside him. Professor Severus Snape: So when the time comes... the boy must die? Professor Albus Dumbledore: Yes. Yes... he must die. [Shot of Snape collapsing at the sight of Lily's dead body] Professor Severus Snape: You've kept him alive so that he can die at the proper moment. You've been raising him like a pig for slaughter! Professor Albus Dumbledore: Don't tell me now that you've grown to care for the boy. [Snape casts a Patronus in the shape of a doe, just like Lily's- the same one that helped Harry find the Sword of Gryffindor in Part 1] Professor Albus Dumbledore: Lily... after all this time? [Shot of Snape holding Lily's body in his arms while crying] Professor Severus Snape: Always.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Gregory Goyle: [aiming at Hermione] Avada Kedavra! Ron Weasley: [chasing them off] Aaarrrgh! That's my girlfriend you numpty!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Argus Filch: Students out of bed! Students out of bed! Students in the corridor! Minerva McGonagall: They are supposed to be out of bed you blithering idiot. Argus Filch: ...Right, I'm sorry Ma'am. Minerva McGonagall: Actually, Mr. Filch, your timing is impeccable. Could you please escort Miss Parkinson, and the rest of Slytherin House from the Hall.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Lily Potter: Harry, you are so loved, so loved. Harry, Mama loves you. Dada loves you. Harry, be safe. Be strong.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Hermione Granger: [Walking out of Dumbledore's office, now knowing what he must do, Harry sees Ron and Hermione holding each other on the Grand Staircase. Upon hearing his footsteps, Hermione stands up to face him] Where have you been? Ron Weasley: We thought you went to the Forest. Harry Potter: I'm going there now. Ron Weasley: Are you mad? No. You can't give yourself up to him. Hermione Granger: What is it, Harry? What is it you know? Harry Potter: There's a reason I can hear them... the Horcruxes. I think I've known for awhile. [Realization dawns on Hermione] Harry Potter: And I think you have too. Hermione Granger: [She begins to cry] I'll go with you! Harry Potter: No. Kill the snake. Kill the snake and then it's just him. [Hermione runs to hug him. Harry glances over her shoulder and looks at Ron, knowing it may be the last time he ever sees either of his best friends]

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Professor Albus Dumbledore: [after James and Lilly's deaths] The boy survives. Professor Severus Snape: He doesn't need protection, the Dark Lord is gone! Professor Albus Dumbledore: The Dark Lord will return! And when he does, the boy will be in terrible danger! He has her eyes. [Snape pauses in shock] Professor Albus Dumbledore: If you truly loved her... Professor Severus Snape: No one... can know. Professor Albus Dumbledore: That I shall never reveal the best of you, Severus?

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Remus Lupin: [Deleted scene] [Tonks comes running down a corridor, spies Lupin, and throws herself into his arms] Remus Lupin: You shouldn't have! It's Teddy who needs you. Nymphadora Tonks: He'll sleep till dawn and snore like his father. It's you that needs me tonight.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Neville Longbottom: It doesn't matter that Harry's gone. Seamus Finnigan: Stand down Neville! Neville Longbottom: [defiantly, turns to everyone] People die every day! Friends, family... Yeah. We still lost Harry tonight. But he's still with us--in here. [Points to his heart] Neville Longbottom: So's Fred, Remus, Tonks... all of them. They didn't die in vain. [turns to Voldemort and his Death Eaters] Neville Longbottom: But YOU will. Because you're wrong! [Voldemort grins and chuckles in disbelief] Neville Longbottom: Harry's heart did beat for us! For ALL of us! It's not over! [He pulls the Sword of Gryffindor from the Sorting Hat] Harry Potter: [Harry suddenly drops from Hagrid's arms to Voldemort's shock and aims at Nagini] Confringo! Bellatrix Lestrange: [In the sudden confusion, scores of Death Eaters begin to apparate away from Hogwarts. Narcissa takes Draco's hand and marches the Malfoys away from the castle] No! No, come back! Lucius! Come back! Come back and fight! Harry Potter: I'll lure him into the castle. We have to kill the snake.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Neville Longbottom: [discussing a battle strategy] Are you really giving us permission to do this? Minerva McGonagall: Yes, Longbottom. Neville Longbottom: Blow it up? Boom? Minerva McGonagall: BOOM!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Albus Severus Potter: Dad, what if I am put in Slytherin? Harry Potter: Albus Severus Potter... you were named for two Headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin, and he was probably the bravest man I've ever known.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Minerva McGonagall: Why don't you confer with Mr. Finnigan? As I recall, he has a particular proclivity for pyrotechnics. Seamus Finnigan: I can bring it down! Minerva McGonagall: That's the spirit, now away you go.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Helena Ravenclaw: If you have to ask, you'll never know. If you know, you need only ask.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Harry Potter: You were right. When you told Professor Snape that wand was failing you. It will always fail you! Lord Voldemort: I killed Snape! Harry Potter: But what if that wand never belonged to Snape? What if its allegiance was always to someone else? C'mon, Tom... let's finish this the way we started it. Together!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Ginny Weasley: [Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville have entered the Room of Requirement] Harry! Harry Potter: Hi there. [pauses waiting for a response from Ginny, then addresses Hermione] Ron Weasley: Six months she hadn't see me, it's like I'm a Frankie First Year. I'm only her brother... Seamus Finnigan: She's got lots of them, but there's only one Harry. Ron Weasley: Shut up Seamus.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Ron Weasley: [as they're rescuing Draco and Blaise] If we die for them, Harry, I'm going to KILL YOU!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Luna Lovegood: Well, there's Rowena Ravenclaw's lost diadem. Ron Weasley: Oh bloody hell, here we go.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ [last lines] Harry Potter: Ready? Albus Severus Potter: Ready.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Luna Lovegood: Harry, wait, I need to talk to you. Harry Potter: I'm a bit preoccupied at the moment, Luna. Luna Lovegood: You won't find it where you're going, you're wasting your time. Harry Potter: We'll talk later, ok? Luna Lovegood: Harry! Harry Potter: Later! Luna Lovegood: Harry Potter! You listen to me right now! Don't you remember what Cho said about Rowena Ravenclaw's diadem? There's not a person alive whose seen it. It's obvious isn't it? You have to talk to someone whose dead.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Bellatrix Lestrange: The boy... is he dead? Narcissa Malfoy: [Leaning into Harry, her eyes widen as she feels his heart still beating] Is he alive? Draco, is he alive? Narcissa Malfoy: [after Harry nods, she stands and faces Voldemort] Dead.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Harry Potter: [Walking into a clearing in the Forest, Harry pulls the Snitch from his pocket] I'm ready to die. [He kisses it, and it opens to reveal a small black stone] Harry Potter: The Resurrection Stone... [he holds it in his hands, and closes his eyes. As he opens them, his parents, Sirius, and Remus appear in the clearing] Lily Potter: [Lily smiles at her son and holds her hand out to him. Harry reaches out to touch it, but finds his own hand just passes through hers] You've been so brave, sweetheart. Harry Potter: Why are you here? All of you? Lily Potter: We never left. Harry Potter: [He turns to Sirius] Does it-does it hurt? Dying? Sirius Black: Quicker than falling asleep. James Potter: You're nearly there, son. Harry Potter: I'm sorry. I never wanted any of you to die for me. [He turns to Lupin] Harry Potter: And Remus, your son... Remus Lupin: Others will tell him what his mother and father died for. One day, he'll understand. Harry Potter: You'll stay with me? James Potter: Until the end. Harry Potter: And he won't be able to see you? Sirius Black: No. [He reaches towards Harry's heart] Sirius Black: We're here, you see. Harry Potter: Stay close to me. Lily Potter: Always. [He drops the Stone, and is once again alone]

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Professor Severus Snape: No! Don't kill me! Professor Albus Dumbledore: The prophecy did not refer to a women. It spoke of a boy born at the end of July. Professor Severus Snape: Yes but, he thinks its her son! He intends to hunt them down now, to kill them. Hide her, hide them all. I beg you. Professor Albus Dumbledore: What will you give me in return, Severus? Professor Severus Snape: Anything.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ George Weasley: You okay, Freddie? Fred Weasley: Yeah. George Weasley: Me too.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Flitwick: You do realize we can't keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely. Minerva McGonagall: That doesn't mean we can't delay him. And his name is Voldemort, Filius. You might as well use it, he's going to try and kill you either way.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Hermione Granger: [the Trio walks through the courtyard] Where is everybody? [They open the doors to the Great Hall. It is a total wreck, lined with students, teachers, the injured, and the dead. Ron walks in first, followed by Hermione, then Harry, who passes everyone almost as if he is in a daze, unable to comprehend what is going on around him] Professor Horace Slughorn: [Applying Dittany to a wound on Filch's arm] Harry... Professor Pomona Sprout: [Dealing with a student's wound] Oh come on, what's the matter with you? Padma Patil: [Sitting next to Professor Trelawny and pulling a sheet over a teacher's body] Oh, she's passed. Professor Sybil Trelawney: There, she's gone. Ron Weasley: [the next sight stops Harry dead in his tracks. The Weasley family are gathered around the body of Fred. Ginny and Percy both stand motionless. Bill holds a crying Fleur. Molly's head is buried on her dead son's shoulder. Arthur is trying to comfort George as best he can. George sees Ron and grabs onto him for dear life, sobbing uncontrollably. Ron kneels over Fred's body and lays his head down on his chest as Molly gently strokes both of their heads] No! No! NO! [Stunned, Harry glances to his left and sees the body of Remus and Tonks]

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Minerva McGonagall: I've always wanted to use that spell.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Lord Voldemort: Harry Potter is dead! Ginny Weasley: No! No! Lord Voldemort: [Flicking his wand] Silence! Stupid girl. Harry Potter is dead, from this day forth... you put your faith in me. Harry Potter is dead! Bellatrix Lestrange: Ha ha ha! Lord Voldemort: Ye-he-he. And now is the time to declare yourself. Come forward and join us... or die. Lucius Malfoy: [Extending his hand] Draco... Draco. Narcissa Malfoy: Draco, come.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Young Severus Snape: She's just jealous. That she's ordinary, and you're special. Young Lily Potter: That's mean, Severus.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ [from trailer] Minerva McGonagall: Hogwarts is threatened! Man the boundaries. Protect us!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Harry Potter: Voldemort has the Elder Wand. Professor Albus Dumbledore: True. Harry Potter: And the snake's still alive. Professor Albus Dumbledore: Yes. Harry Potter: And I have nothing to kill it with.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Lucius Malfoy: [nervously] My Lord... might it... be less, uh - might it not be more prudent to call off this attack and simply seek the boy yourself? Lord Voldemort: [agitated] I do not need to seek the boy! Before the night is out, he will come to ME! Do you understand! [smacks Lucius hard in the face] Lord Voldemort: Look at me! How can you live with yourself, Lucius? Lucius Malfoy: [fearfully] I don't know. Lord Voldemort: Go and find Severus. Bring him to me.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Harry Potter: I have to go back, haven't I? Professor Albus Dumbledore: Oh, that's up to you. Harry Potter: I have a choice? Professor Albus Dumbledore: Oh, yes. We're in King's Cross, you say? I think, if you so desired, you'd be able to board a train. Harry Potter: And where would it take me? Professor Albus Dumbledore: On.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Neville Longbottom: [to the Snatchers] Ya, you and whose army?

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Draco Malfoy: [wand pointed at Harry] Well, well! What brings you here, Potter? Harry Potter: I would ask you the same. Draco Malfoy: You have something of mine, I'd like it back. Harry Potter: [nudging to his wand] What's wrong with the one you have? Draco Malfoy: It's my mother's, it's powerful but it's... not the same. It doesn't quite... understand me. You know what I mean? Harry Potter: [realizing how afraid Draco really is] Why didn't you tell her? Bellatrix. [Draco goes speechless] Harry Potter: You knew it was me. You didn't say anything. Gregory Goyle: [whispers viciously] Go on, Draco! Don't be a prat! Do him! Draco Malfoy: [to Goyle] Easy!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Ollivander: If he truly has the Elder Wand, I'm afraid you really don't stand a chance. Harry Potter: I suppose I'll have to kill him before he finds me.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Ginny Weasley: Dad? Who's Hagrid carrying? Dad? Who is it? Lord Voldemort: Harry Potter is dead! Ginny Weasley: [screaming] No!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Hermione Granger: We can't just stand here. Who's got an idea? Ron Weasley: Don't ask us. You're the brilliant one!

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ [first lines] Luna Lovegood: [looking at landscape around Shell Cottage from doorway] It's beautiful here. Bill Weasley: It was our aunt's. We used to come here as kids. The order uses it now as a safe house. What's left of us at least. Luna Lovegood: [looking at wind chime made of shells] Muggles think these keep away evil, but they're wrong. Harry Potter: [to Bill] I need to talk to the goblin.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Professor Albus Dumbledore: You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Neville Longbottom: I'd like to say something... Lord Voldemort: ...I think we'd all be fascinated to hear what you have to say.

§Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 ¤ Harry Potter: Come on Tom, let's finish this the way we started, together.

§Children of Heaven ¤ Ali: Zahra, I have good news. Zahra: What news? Ali: I am selected for the race. Zahra: What race? Ali: Long-Distance Running. The third-best runner gets a pair of new sneakers. Zahra: Why the third? Ali: The First and Second prizes are something else. If I come in third, I'll give you the sneakers. Zahra: But those shoes are for boys. Ali: I'll exchange them. I'll get a pair of girl's shoes for you. Zahra: What if you don't come in third? Ali: I'll be third for sure.

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. All those moments will be lost in time... like tears in rain... Time to die.

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: Quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it? That's what it is to be a slave.

§Blade Runner ¤ Tyrell: [Tyrell explains to Roy why he can't extend his lifespan] The facts of life... to make an alteration in the evolvement of an organic life system is fatal. A coding sequence cannot be revised once it's been established. Batty: Why not? Tyrell: Because by the second day of incubation, any cells that have undergone reversion mutation give rise to revertant colonies, like rats leaving a sinking ship; then the ship... sinks. Batty: What about EMS-3 recombination? Tyrell: We've already tried it - ethyl, methane, sulfinate as an alkylating agent and potent mutagen; it created a virus so lethal the subject was dead before it even left the table. Batty: Then a repressor protein, that would block the operating cells. Tyrell: Wouldn't obstruct replication; but it does give rise to an error in replication, so that the newly formed DNA strand carries with it a mutation - and you've got a virus again... but this, all of this is academic. You were made as well as we could make you. Batty: But not to last. Tyrell: The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long - and you have burned so very, very brightly, Roy. Look at you: you're the Prodigal Son; you're quite a prize! Batty: I've done... questionable things. Tyrell: Also extraordinary things; revel in your time. Batty: Nothing the God of biomechanics wouldn't let you into heaven for.

§Blade Runner ¤ Gaff: You've done a man's job, sir. I guess you're through, huh? Deckard: Finished. [Gaff throws Deckard his gun] Gaff: It's too bad she won't live! But then again, who does?

§Blade Runner ¤ [last lines] [Director's Cut] Gaff: [voiceover] It's too bad she won't live! But then again, who does?

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: [narrating] I don't know why he saved my life. Maybe in those last moments he loved life more than he ever had before. Not just his life - anybody's life; my life. All he'd wanted were the same answers the rest of us want. Where do I come from? Where am I going? How long have I got? All I could do was sit there and watch him die.

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: Fiery the angels fell. Deep thunder rolled around their shores; burning with the fires of Orc.

§Blade Runner ¤ Tyrell: "More human than human" is our motto.

§Blade Runner ¤ Holden: You're in a desert, walking along in the sand, when all of a sudden you look down... Leon: What one? Holden: What? Leon: What desert? Holden: It doesn't make any difference what desert, it's completely hypothetical. Leon: But, how come I'd be there? Holden: Maybe you're fed up. Maybe you want to be by yourself. Who knows? You look down and see a tortoise, Leon. It's crawling toward you... Leon: Tortoise? What's that? Holden: [irritated by Leon's interruptions] You know what a turtle is? Leon: Of course! Holden: Same thing. Leon: I've never seen a turtle... But I understand what you mean. Holden: You reach down and you flip the tortoise over on its back, Leon. Leon: Do you make up these questions, Mr. Holden? Or do they write 'em down for you? Holden: The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can't. Not without your help. But you're not helping. Leon: [angry at the suggestion] What do you mean, I'm not helping? Holden: I mean: you're not helping! Why is that, Leon? [Leon has become visibly shaken] Holden: They're just questions, Leon. In answer to your query, they're written down for me. It's a test, designed to provoke an emotional response... Shall we continue?

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: She's a replicant, isn't she? Tyrell: I'm impressed. How many questions does it usually take to spot them? Deckard: I don't get it, Tyrell. Tyrell: How many questions? Deckard: Twenty, thirty, cross-referenced. Tyrell: It took more than a hundred for Rachael, didn't it? Deckard: [realizing Rachael believes she's human] She doesn't know. Tyrell: She's beginning to suspect, I think. Deckard: Suspect? How can it not know what it is?

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: Yes! [smiles] Batty: Questions... Morphology? Longevity? Incept dates? Hannibal Chew: Don't know, I don't know such stuff. I just do eyes, ju-, ju-, just eyes... just genetic design, just eyes. You Nexus, huh? I design your eyes. Batty: Chew, if only you could see what I've seen with your eyes!

§Blade Runner ¤ Rachael: That Voight-Kampf test of yours. Did you ever tried to take that test yourself? Deckard?

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: Not very sporting to fire on an unarmed opponent. I thought you were supposed to be good. Aren't you the "good" man? C'mon, Deckard. Show me what you're made of.

§Blade Runner ¤ Rachael: Do you like our owl? Deckard: It's artificial? Rachael: Of course it is. Deckard: Must be expensive. Rachael: Very. Rachael: I'm Rachael. Deckard: Deckard. Rachael: It seems you feel our work is not a benefit to the public. Deckard: Replicants are like any other machine - they're either a benefit or a hazard. If they're a benefit, it's not my problem.

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: Leon! Leon: How old am I? Deckard: [after slugging Leon, to no effect] I dunno. Leon: My birthday is April 10, 2017. How long do I live? Deckard: Four years. Leon: More than you! Painful to live in fear, isn't it? Leon: [going to kill Deckard] Wake up! Time to die!

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: [taunting Deckard with a counting rhyme] Six! Seven! Go to Hell or go to Heaven! Deckard: [Deckard smashes an iron rod against Batty's head] Go to Hell! Batty: [grabbing the iron rod] GOOD! THAT'S THE SPIRIT!

§Blade Runner ¤ Rachael: What if I go north? Disappear. Would you come after me? Hunt me? Deckard: No... No, I wouldn't. I owe you one... But somebody would.

§Blade Runner ¤ Tyrell: We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better. Deckard: Memories! You're talking about memories!

§Blade Runner ¤ Tyrell: Is this to be an empathy test? Capillary dilation of the so-called blush response? Fluctuation of the pupil. Involuntary dilation of the iris... Deckard: We call it Voight-Kampff for short.

§Blade Runner ¤ Off-World Tourism Ad: A new life awaits you in the Off-world colonies! A chance to begin again in a golden land of opportunity and adventure!

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: You're reading a magazine. You come across a full-page nude photo of a girl. Rachael: Is this testing whether I'm a replicant or a lesbian, Mr. Deckard?

§Blade Runner ¤ Bryant: They jumped a shuttle off-world, killed the crew and passengers. We found the shuttle drifting off the coast two weeks ago, so we know they're around. Deckard: Embarrassing. Bryant: No sir. Not embarrassing, because no one's ever going to find out they're down here. 'Cause you're gonna spot 'em and you're gonna air 'em out! Deckard: I don't work here anymore. Give it to Holden. He's good. Bryant: I did. He can breathe okay, as long as nobody unplugs him.

§Blade Runner ¤ Bryant: I need ya, Deck. This is a bad one, the worst yet. I need the old blade runner, I need your magic.

§Blade Runner ¤ Rachael: I'm not in the business. I am the business.

§Blade Runner ¤ [after Rachael kills Leon] Deckard: Shakes? Me too. I get 'em bad. It's part of the business. Rachael: I'm not in the business... I *am* the business.

§Blade Runner ¤ Pris: Must get lonely here, J.F. J.F. Sebastian: Not really. I MAKE friends. They're toys. My friends are toys. I make them. It's a hobby. I'm a genetic designer.

§Blade Runner ¤ Leon: Wake up! Time to die!

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: Do you love me? Rachael: I love you. Deckard: Do you trust me? Rachael: I trust you.

§Blade Runner ¤ Rachael: May I ask you a personal question? Deckard: Sure. Rachael: Have you ever retired a human by mistake? Deckard: No. Rachael: But in your position, that is a risk.

§Blade Runner ¤ Tyrell: I'm surprised you didn't come here sooner. Batty: It's not an easy thing to meet your maker. Tyrell: What could he do for you? Batty: Can the maker repair what he makes?

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: [getting up to leave] I was quit when I come in here, Bryant, I'm twice as quit now. Bryant: Stop right where you are! You know the score, pal. You're not cop, you're little people! [Deckard stops at the door] Deckard: No choice, huh? Bryant: [smiles] No choice, pal.

§Blade Runner ¤ Pris: I think, Sebastian, therefore I am.

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: Remember when you were six? You and your brother snuck into an empty building through a basement window. You were going to play doctor. He showed you his, but when it got to be your turn you chickened and ran; you remember that? You ever tell anybody that? Your mother, Tyrell, anybody? Remember the spider that lived outside your window? Orange body, green legs. Watched her build a web all summer, then one day there's a big egg in it. The egg hatched... Rachael: The egg hatched... Deckard: Yeah... Rachael: ...and a hundred baby spiders came out... and they ate her. Deckard: Implants. Those aren't your memories, they're somebody else's. They're Tyrell's niece's. Deckard: [he sees that she's deeply hurt by the implication] O.K., bad joke... I made a bad joke. You're not a replicant. Go home, O.K.? No, really - I'm sorry, go home.

§Blade Runner ¤ Holden: Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about... your mother. Leon: My mother? Holden: Yeah. Leon: Let me tell you about my mother. [Leon shoots Holden with a gun he had pulled out under the table]

§Blade Runner ¤ Leon: Nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch!

§Blade Runner ¤ [Batty wants Tyrell to extend his lifespan] Tyrell: Would you... like to be upgraded? Batty: I had in mind something a little more radical. Tyrell: What... what seems to be the problem? Batty: Death. Tyrell: Death; ah, well that's a little out of my jurisdiction. You... Batty: *I want more life, fucker/father!* (IMDb Editor's note: see trivia section for details)

§Blade Runner ¤ [last lines] Deckard: [narrating] Gaff had been there, and let her live. Four years, he figured. He was wrong. Tyrell had told me Rachael was special. No termination date. I didn't know how long we had together... Who does?

§Blade Runner ¤ Policeman: This sector is closed to ground traffic. What are you doing here? Deckard: I'm working. What are you doing? Policeman: Arresting you, that's what I'm doing.

§Blade Runner ¤ Bryant: You could learn from this guy, Gaff. He's a goddamned one-man slaughterhouse, that's what he is. Four more to go! Come on, Gaff, let's go. Deckard: Three. There's three to go. Bryant: There's four. That - that skin job that you V-K'ed at the Tyrell Corporation, Rachael. Disappeared. Vanished. Didn't even know she was a replicant. Something to do with a brain implant says Tyrell.

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: I have had people walk out on me before, but not... when I was being so charming.

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: Enhance 224 to 176. [a man's arm becomes visible] Deckard: Enhance. Stop. [the man's shoulder and wrist are visible] Deckard: Move in. Stop. [close-up of man's wrist] Deckard: Pull out, track right. Stop. [writing is visible] Deckard: Center and pull back. Stop. [arm and door are visible] Deckard: Track 45 right. Stop. Center and stop. [doorway and mirror are visible] Deckard: Enhance 34 to 36. [dresser top is visible] Deckard: Pan right or-and pull back. Stop. [mirror is visible] Deckard: Enhance 34 to 46. [blurred white object in mirror becomes visible] Deckard: Pull back. Wait a minute. Go right. Stop. [Zhora's arm becomes visible] Deckard: Enhance 57 to 19. Track 45 left. Stop. [Zhora is visible] Deckard: Enhance 15 to 23. [marks on Zhora's face become visible] Deckard: Gimme a hard copy right there.

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: Have you felt yourself to be exploited in any way? Zhora: Like what? Deckard: Well... well, like to get this job. I mean, did... did you do, or... or were you asked to do anything lewd... or unsavory, or... or, otherwise repulsive to your... your person, huh? Zhora: [laughs] Are you for real?

§Blade Runner ¤ Deckard: Say "Kiss me". Rachael: I can't... rely on... my memories... Deckard: Say "Kiss me". Rachael: Kiss me. Deckard: I want you Rachael: I want you. Deckard: Again Rachael: I want you. [pauses] Rachael: Put your hands on me.

§Blade Runner ¤ Gaff: Monsieur, azonnal kövessen engem, bitte! [Deckard gestures to Sushi Master for translation] Sushi Master: He say you under arrest, Mister Deckard. Deckard: Got the wrong guy, pal. Gaff: Lófaszt! Nehogy már! Te vagy a Blade, Blade Runner! Sushi Master: He say you blade runner. Deckard: Tell him I'm eating. Gaff: Captain Bryant toka. Meni-o mae-yo. Deckard: Bryant, huh?

§Blade Runner ¤ Roy: [grabbing Sebastian] If we don't find help soon, Pris hasn't got long to live. We can't allow that. [Roy goes to the chess board, studying the game in progress] Roy: Is he good? J.F. Sebastian: Who? Roy: Your opponent. J.F. Sebastian: Oh, Dr. Tyrell? I've only beaten him once in chess. He's a genius! He designed you. Roy: Maybe he could help. J.F. Sebastian: I'd be happy to mention it to him. Roy: [smiles and puts his hand on Sebastian's shoulder] Better if I talk to him in person. But I understand he's a sort of hard man to get to. [Pris wraps her legs and arms around Sebastian] J.F. Sebastian: Yes. Roy: Will you help us? J.F. Sebastian: I can't. Pris: We need you, Sebastian. You're our best and only friend.

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: Gosh, you've... really got some nice toys here.

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical.

§Blade Runner ¤ Roy: We've got a lot in common. Sebastian: What do you mean? Roy: Similar problems. Pris: Accelerated decrepitude.

§Blade Runner ¤ Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen... Taffey Lewis presents... Miss Salome and the snake. Watch her take the pleasures from the serpent... that once corrupted man.

§Blade Runner ¤ Batty: Did you get your precious photos? Leon: [shaking his head] ... Someone was there. Batty: Men? [Leon hesitates, then nods] Batty: POLICE men?

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: I don't want to survive. I want to live.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Edwin Epps: If something rubs you wrongly, I offer you the opportunity to speak on it. Bass: [exhales] Well, you ask plainly, so I will tell you plainly. What amused me just then was your concern for my wellbeing in this heat when, quite frankly, the condition of your laborers... Edwin Epps: The condition of my laborers? Bass: It is horrid. Edwin Epps: The hell? [chuckles] Bass: It's all wrong. All wrong, Mr. Epps. Edwin Epps: They ain't hired help. They're my property. Bass: You say that with pride. Edwin Epps: I say it as fact. Bass: If this conversation concerns what is factual and what is not, then it must be said that there is no justice nor righteousness in their slavery. But you do open up an interesting question. What right have you to your niggers, when you come down to the point? Edwin Epps: What right? Bass: Mmm Edwin Epps: I bought 'em. I paid for 'em. Bass: Well, of course you did, and the law says you have the right to hold a nigger. But begging the law's pardon, it lies. Suppose they pass a law taking away your liberty, making you a slave. Suppose. Edwin Epps: That ain't a supposable case. Bass: Laws change, Epps. Universal truths are constant. It is a fact, a plain and simple fact, that what is true and right is true and right for all. White and black alike. Edwin Epps: You comparing me to a nigger, Bass? Bass: I'm only asking, in the eyes of God, what is the difference? Edwin Epps: You might as well ask what the difference is between a white man and a baboon. [chuckles] Edwin Epps: I seen one of them critters in Orleans. Know just as much as any nigger I got. Bass: Listen, Epps, these niggers are human beings. If they are allowed to climb no higher than brute animals, you and men like you will have to answer for it. There is an ill, Mr. Epps. A fearful ill resting upon this nation. And there will be a day of reckoning yet.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: [Upon meeting his family again after 12 years] I apologize for my appearance. But I have had a difficult time these past several years.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: I will not fall into despair! I will keep myself hardy until freedom is opportune!

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Edwin Epps: [Having awakened Solomon in the middle of the night, Epps coaxes him outside, puts his arm around him as if consoling a friend, and guides him into the woods] Well, boy. I understand I've got a larned nigger that writes letters and tries to get white fellows to mail 'em. Well, Armsby tol' me today the devil was among my niggers. That I had one that needed close watchin' or he would run away. When I axed him why, he said you come over to him and waked him up in the middle of the night and wanted him to carry a letter to Marksville. What have yah got to say to that? Solomon Northup: There is no truth in it. Edwin Epps: You say. Solomon Northup: How could I write a letter without ink or paper? There is nobody I want to write to 'cause I hain't got no friends living as I know of. That Armsby is a lying drunken fellow. You know this, just as you know that I am constant in truth. Now, master, I can see what that Armsby is after, plain enough. Didn't he want you to hire him for an overseer? That's it. He wants to make you believe we're all going to run away and then he thinks you'll hire an overseer to watch us. He believes you are soft soap. He's given to such talk. I believe he's just made this story out of whole cloth, 'cause he wants to get a situation. It's all a lie, master, you may depend on't. It's all a lie. Edwin Epps: [reveals a pocket knife he'd had pressed against Solomon's gut the entire time] I'll be damned... Were he not free and white, Platt. Were he not free and white.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Ford: I believe Tibeats is skulkin' about the premises somewhere. He wants you dead, and he will attempt to have you so. It's no longer safe for you here. And I don't believe you will remain passive if Tibeats attacks. I have transferred my debt to Edwin Epps. He will take charge of you. Solomon Northup: Master Ford, you must know; I am not a slave. Ford: I cannot hear that. Solomon Northup: Before I came to you I was a free man. Ford: I am trying to save your life! And... I have a debt to be mindful of. That, now, is to Edwin Epps. He is a hard man. Prides himself on being a "nigger breaker." But truthfully I could find no others who would have you. You've made a reputation of yourself. Whatever your circumstances, you are an exceptional nigger, Platt. I fear no good will come of it.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Robert: I say we fight. Solomon Northup: The crew is fairly small. If it were well planned, I believe they could be strong armed. Clemens: Three can't stand against a whole crew. The rest here are niggers, born and bred slaves. Niggers ain't got the stomach for a fight, not a damn one. Robert: All I know, we get where we travelling we'll wish we'd died trying. Clemens: Survival is not about certain death, it is about keeping your head down. Solomon Northup: Days ago I was with my family, in my home. Now you tell me all is lost. "Tell no one who I really am" if I want to survive. I don't want to survive, I want to live.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: [Epps has just whipped Patsey within an inch of her life] Thou devil! Sooner or later, somewhere in the course of eternal justice thou shalt answer for this sin! Edwin Epps: No sin! There is no sin! A man does how he pleases with his property. At the moment, Platt, I am of great pleasure. You be goddamn careful I don't come to wantin' to lightenin' my mood no further.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Tibeats: [singing] Nigger run, nigger flew/Nigger tore his shirt in two/Run, run, the pattyroller git you/Run nigger run, well ya better get away. That's right, like you mean it. Nigger run, run so fast/Stove his head in a hornet's nest/Run, run, the pattyroller git you/Run nigger, run, well ya bette git away/Run, nigger, run, the pattyroller git you/Run nigger run, well ya better git away/Some folks say a nigger don't steal/well I caught three in my cornfield/One had a bushel and one had a peck/and one had a rope being hung around his neck/Run nigger run/ the pattyroller git you/Run nigger run, well ya better get away/Hey, Mr. Pattyroller, don't catch me/Catch that nigger behind that tree!/Run nigger run, the pattyroller get you/Run nigger run, well ya better get away.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Patsey: I went to Massa Shaw's plantation! Edwin Epps: Ya admit it. Patsey: Freely. And you know why? [she produces a piece of soap from the pocket of her dress] Patsey: I got this from Mistress Shaw. Mistress Epps won't even grant me no soap ta clean with. Stink so much I make myself gag. Five hundred pounds 'a cotton day in, day out. More than any man here. And 'fo that I will be clean; that all I ax. Dis here what I went to Shaw's 'fo. Edwin Epps: You lie... Patsey: The Lord knows that's all. Edwin Epps: You lie! Patsey: And you blind wit yer own covetousness. I don't lie, Massa. If you kill me, I'll stick ta that. Edwin Epps: Oh, I'll fetch you down. I'll learn you to go to Shaw's. I'll take the starch outta ya. Treach, go get some line.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: I did as instructed. If there's something wrong, it's wrong with the instructions! Tibeats: You black bastard. You... goddamn... black bastard. Strip your clothes. [shoving Solomon] Tibeats: Strip. Solomon Northup: I will not.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Clemens: If you want to survive, do and say as little as possible. Tell no one who you really are and tell no one that you can read and write. Unless you want to be a dead nigger.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Edwin Epps: "And that servant which knew his Lord's will... which knew his Lord's will and prepared not himself... prepared not himself, neither did according to his will, shall be beaten with many stripes..." D'ye hear that? "Stripes." That nigger that don't take care, that don't obey his lord - that's his master - d'ye see? - that 'ere nigger shall be beaten with many stripes. Now, "many" signifies a great many. Forty, a hundred, a hundred and fifty lashes... that's Scripture.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Mistress Epps: You will remove that black bitch from this property, or I'll take myself back to Cheneyville. Edwin Epps: Back to the hogs's trough where I found you? Do not set yourself against Patsy, my dear. Cos I will rid myself of you well before I do away with her.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Mistress Shaw: In his own time, the Good Lord will manage them all. The curse of the pharoahs was a poor example of what waits for the plantation class.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Ford: [Ford is attempting to buy Eliza, who begs to allow her daughter to come too. Her son having just been sold] How much for the little girl? You have no need for her. One so young will bring you no profit. Freeman: I will not sell the girl. There's heaps 'n piles of money to be made off her. She is a beauty. One of the regular bloods. None of your thick-lipped, bullet headed, cotton picking niggers. Ford: Her child, man. For God's sake, are you not sentimental in the least? Freeman: My sentimentality stretches the length of a coin. Do you want the lot, Mr. Ford, or do you pass on them all? Ford: I will take the ones Platt and Eliza.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Mistress Ford: [to Eliza] Something to eat and some rest; your children will soon enough be forgotten.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: We need a sympathetic ear. If we have an opportunity to explain our situation... Clemens: Who in your estimation is that sympathetic ear? Solomon Northup: The two men I journeyed with. I'm certain they're making inquires at this very moment. Clemens: I would be just as certain they are counting the money paid for delivering you to this place. Solomon Northup: They were not kidnappers. They were artists. Fellow performers. Clemens: You know that? You know for certain who they were? [Solomon cannot answer] Clemens: How I reckon the situation: whatever past we had... well, that's done now. The reality to come is us being transported southward. New Orleans if I were to venture. After we arrive, we'll be put to market. Beyond that... Well, once in a slave state I suppose there's only one outcome.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Burch: Yah a slave. Yah a Georgia slave! [savagely beats Solomon until his paddle breaks. He switches to a whip and continues] Burch: Are yah a slave? Solomon Northup: No.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Edwin Epps: [about Patsey] Damned Queen. Born and bred to the field. A nigger among niggers, and God give 'er to me. A lesson in the rewards of righteous livin'. All be observant ta that. All!

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Freeman: Oren. John. Lethe. Eliza. Randall. Emily. Platt... Platt! [Solomon is the only one still seated. He does not respond; Freeman approaches him] Freeman: You fit the description given. Why didn't you answer when called? Solomon Northup: My name is not Platt. My name is... Freeman: [slaps Solomon hard across the face] Your name is Platt.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Edwin Epps: A plague! It's damn Biblical. Two season God done sent a plague to smite me. I am near ruination. Why, Treach? What I done that God hate me so? Do I not preach His word? Treach: The whole Bayou sufferin'. Edwin Epps: I don't care nothin' fer the damn Bayou. I'm sufferin'. [looks at the slaves] Edwin Epps: It's that Godless lot. They brought this on me. I bring 'em God's word, and heathens they are, they brung me God's scorn.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Edwin Epps: [bursting into the slaves' quarters in the middle of the night] Get up! Get up, we dance tonight! We will not waste the evenin' with yer laziness. Get up.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Ford: What is the price for the ones Platt and Eliza? Freeman: A thousand for Platt; he is a nigger of talent. Seven hundred for Eliza. My fairest price. Ford: You will accept a note? Freeman: Always from you, Mr. Ford.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Hamilton: I'm afraid that Brown and I haven't brought you much luck. But rough waters bring smooth sailing. Eventually they do. Solomon Northup: So... so sorry... Hamilton: Shhh. We won't hear it. We won't. Brown: Let him sleep. Hamilton: Hmm. A good night's sleep. And tomorrow... tomorrow you will feel as well and refreshed as though the earth were new again. Brown: Hamilton! Nothing more we can do for him. Hamilton: Such is the pity.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Freeman: You see how fit the boy is. Like ripe fruit. He will grow into a fine beast. [makes Randall run and jump in place] Freeman: Six hundred, and that's fair and final.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Chapin: [Tibeats and a gang are trying to lynch Solomon] Gentlemen... Whoever moves that nigger another foot from where he stands is a dead man. I am overseer of this plantation seven years, and in the absence of William Ford, my duty is to protect his interests. Ford holds a mortgage on Platt of four hundred dollars. If you hang him, he loses his debt. Until that is canceled you have no claim to his life. [to Ramsay and Cook] Chapin: As for you two, if you have any regard for your own safety... I say, begone!

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Burch: Well, my boy, how yah feel now? Solomon Northup: I am Solomon Northup. I am a free man; a resident of Saratoga, New York. The residence also of my wife and children who are equally free. I have papers. You have no right whatsoever to detain me... Burch: Yah not any... Solomon Northup: And I promise you - I promise - upon my liberation I will have satisfaction for this wrong. Burch: Resolve this. Produce your papers. [Solomon searches and finds no papers] Burch: Yah no free man. And yah ain't from Saratoga. Yah from Georgia. Yah ain't a free man. Yah nuthin' but a Georgia runaway. Yah a runaway nigger from Georgia.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: [Solomon awakens Armsby in the middle of the night. He offers him a handful of coins] The proceeds of my fiddling performances. A few picayunes, but all I have in the world. I promise them to you if you will do me the favor I require. But I beg you not to expose me if you cannot grant the request. Armsby: What do you ask? Solomon Northup: First, your word, sir. Armsby: On my honor. Solomon Northup: It is a simple enough request. I ask only that you deposit a letter in the Marksville post office. And that you keep the action an inviolable secret forever. The details of the letter are of no consequence. Even at that, there would be an imposition of much pain and suffering were it known I was the author. A patron is what I require, sir. Armsby: Where is the letter now? Solomon Northup: It is not yet written. I will have it in a day. Two at most, my skill with composition as poor as it is. Armsby: I will do it. And will accept whatever payment is offered.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Radburn: [brings food in to Solomon; a shriveled piece of meat and some water. Just barely enough to sustain Solomon. Radburn also has a shirt] That old thing of yours is just rags and tatters. Need something proper to wear. Go'won. Put it on. [Solomon reluctantly does so] Radburn: There. Tha's fine. Tha's fine. Got no gratitude? Solomon Northup: ...Thank you. Radburn: Yah keep bein' proper, yah'll see how things work out. [takes Solomon's old shirt] Solomon Northup: No! It was from my wife. Radburn: Rags and tatters. Rags and tatters.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Bass: [sigh] I will write your letter, sir. And if it brings you your freedom, it will be more than a pleasure. It will have been my duty.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ [first lines] Overseer: Alright now, y'all fresh niggers. Y'all gonna be in the cuttin' gang.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Brown: Circus too constricting a word to describe the talented and merry band with which we travel. It is a spectacle unlike most have ever witnessed. Creatures from the darkest Africa as yet unseen by civilized man. Acrobats from the Orient able to contort themselves in the most confounding manners. Hamilton: And I myself in aide of Mr. Brown; an internationally renowned practitioner in the art of prestidigitation.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Tibeats: My name is John Tibeats, William Ford's chief carpenter. You will refer to me as Master. Mister Chapin is the overseer on this plantation. He is responsible for all of Ford's property. You too will refer to him as Master. This plantation covers many hundreds of acres, and you will traverse the Texas road between the forest site and the sawmill in double time. Any clever nigger on that path that gets a little light-footed, I will remind him that on one side men and bloodhounds patrol the border and on the other the bayou provides a hard living, with alligators and little to eat or drink that won't kill you. No slave has escaped here with his life. You're here to work niggers, so let's commence.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Patroller: [in a vain attempt to escape, Solomon runs into some patrollers who are fixing to hang a trio of slaves] Boy, where are you going? Solomon Northup: To the store, Sir, to Bartholomew's. I was sent there by Mistress Epps. Patroller: [the patroller reaches out for Solomon's free pass around his neck, yanking him forward. He looks at it] Get there and get there quick. [Patroller kicks Solomon hard, sending him on his way]

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Tibeats: [after being punched out by Solomon over an argument] You will not live to see another day!

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Mistress Epps: Sometimes, you have to beat it from them. [she scratches Patsey's face; Patsey screams] Mistress Epps: BEAT IT FROM THEM!

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Radburn: Jus takin' a li'l trip, tha's all. Don't want to frighten the chil'ren none over a li'l boat ride, do yah?

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Tibeats: I thought I told yah ta commence ta puttin' on clapboards this morn'.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Freeman: Put the least thought in your head. C'mon, now. Think of somethin'.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Armsby: I say no man of conscious can take the lash to another human day in and day out without shredding at his own self.

§12 Years a Slave ¤ Solomon Northup: Master Ford is a decent man. Eliza: He is a slaver! Solomon Northup: Under the circumstances. Eliza: Under the circumstances, he is a slaver.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Isn't everything we do in life a way to be loved a little more?

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: I like to feel his eyes on me when I look away.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Street Poet: Daydream delusion, limousine eyelash / Oh baby with your pretty face / Drop a tear in my wineglass / Look at those big eyes / See what you mean to me / Sweet-cakes and milkshakes / I'm a delusion angel / I'm a fantasy parade / I want you to know what I think / Don't want you to guess anymore / You have no idea where I came from / We have no idea where we're going / Lodged in life / Like branches in a river/ Flowing downstream / Caught in the current / I carry you / You'll carry me / That's how it could be / Don't you know me? / Don't you know me by now?

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: I believe if there's any kind of God it wouldn't be in any of us, not you or me but just this little space in between. If there's any kind of magic in this world it must be in the attempt of understanding someone sharing something. I know, it's almost impossible to succeed but who cares really? The answer must be in the attempt.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Alright, I have an admittedly insane idea, but if I don't ask you this it's just, uh, you know, it's gonna haunt me the rest of my life Celine: What? Jesse: Um... I want to keep talking to you, y'know. I have no idea what your situation is, but, uh, but I feel like we have some kind of, uh, connection. Right? Celine: Yeah, me too. Jesse: Yeah, right, well, great. So listen, so here's the deal. This is what we should do. You should get off the train with me here in Vienna, and come check out the capital. Celine: What? Jesse: Come on. It'll be fun. Come on. Celine: What would we do? Jesse: Umm, I don't know. All I know is I have to catch an Austrian Airlines flight tomorrow morning at 9:30 and I don't really have enough money for a hotel, so I was just going to walk around, and it would be a lot more fun if you came with me. And if I turn out to be some kind of psycho, you know, you just get on the next train. Jesse: Alright, alright. Think of it like this: jump ahead, ten, twenty years, okay, and you're married. Only your marriage doesn't have that same energy that it used to have, y'know. You start to blame your husband. You start to think about all those guys you've met in your life and what might have happened if you'd picked up with one of them, right? Well, I'm one of those guys. That's me y'know, so think of this as time travel, from then, to now, to find out what you're missing out on. See, what this really could be is a gigantic favor to both you and your future husband to find out that you're not missing out on anything. I'm just as big a loser as he is, totally unmotivated, totally boring, and, uh, you made the right choice, and you're really happy. Celine: Let me get my bag.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: I always feel this pressure of being a strong and independent icon of womanhood, and without making it look my whole life is revolving around some guy. But loving someone, and being loved means so much to me. We always make fun of it and stuff. But isn't everything we do in life a way to be loved a little more?

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I kind of see this all love as this, escape for two people who don't know how to be alone. People always talk about how love is this totally unselfish, giving thing, but if you think about it, there's nothing more selfish.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: You know what's the worst thing about somebody breaking up with you? It's when you remember how little you thought about the people you broke up with and you realize that is how little they're thinking of you. You know, you'd like to think you're both in all this pain but they're just like "Hey, I'm glad you're gone".

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: When you talked earlier about after a few years how a couple would begin to hate each other by anticipating their reactions or getting tired of their mannerisms-I think it would be the opposite for me. I think I can really fall in love when I know everything about someone-the way he's going to part his hair, which shirt he's going to wear that day, knowing the exact story he'd tell in a given situation. I'm sure that's when I know I'm really in love.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: You know, I have this awful paranoid thought that feminism was mostly invented by men so that they could like, fool around a little more. You know, women, free your minds, free your bodies, sleep with me. We're all happy and free as long as I can fuck as much as I want.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: If there's any kind of magic in this world... it must be in the attempt of understanding someone, sharing something. I know it's almost impossible to succeed... but who cares, really? The answer must be in the attempt.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Yeah. Jesse: OK, well this was my thought: 50,000 years ago, there are not even a million people on the planet. 10,000 years ago, there's, like, two million people on the planet. Now there's between five and six billion people on the planet, right? Now, if we all have our own, like, individual, unique soul, right, where do they all come from? You know, are modern souls only a fraction of the original souls? 'Cause if they are, that represents a 5,000 to 1 split of each soul in the last 50,000 years, which is, like, a blip in the Earth's time. You know, so at best we're like these tiny fractions of people, you know, walking... I mean, is that why we're so scattered? You know, is that why we're all so specialized? Celine: I don't know. Wait a minute, I'm not sure... I don't... Jesse: Yeah, hang on, hang on. It's a, it's a totally scattered thought. It... which is kind of why it makes sense.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: You know what I want? Jesse: What? Celine: To be kissed. Jesse: Well I can do that.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Why is it, that a dog, sleeping in the sun, is so beautiful, y'know, it is, it's beautiful, but a guy, standing at a bank machine, trying to take some money out, looks like a complete moron?

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: You know, I've been wondering lately. Do you know anyone who's in a happy relationship? Jesse: Uh, yeah, sure. I know happy couples. But I think they lie to each other. Celine: Hmf. Yeah. People can lead their life as a lie. My grandmother, she was married to this man, and I always thought she had a very simple, uncomplicated love life. But she just confessed to me that she spent her whole life dreaming about another man she was always in love with. She just accepted her fate. It's so sad. Jesse: I guarantee you, it was better that way. If she'd ever got to know him, I'm sure he would have disappointed her eventually. Celine: How do you know? You don't know them. Jesse: Yeah, I know, I know. It's just, people have these romantic projections they put on everything. That's not based on any kind of reality.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Everybody's parents fucked them up. Rich kids parents gave them too much. Poor kids, not enough. You know, too much attention, not enough attention. They either left them or they stuck around and taught them the wrong things.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: You know what drives me crazy? It's all these people talking about how great technology is, and how it saves all this time. But, what good is saved time, if nobody uses it? If it just turns into more busy work. You never hear somebody say, "With the time I've saved by using my word processor, I'm gonna go to a Zen monastery and hang out". I mean, you never hear that.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I don't know, I think that if I could just accept the fact that my life is supposed to be difficult. You know, that's what to be expected, then I might not get so pissed-off about it and I'll just be glad when something nice happens.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: I used to think that if none of your family or friends knew you were dead, it was like not really being dead. People can invent the best and the worst for you.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: [stops Celine and positions her in front of him at arm's length] Celine: What? Jesse: Uh... I'm gonna take your picture. So I never forget you or, uh, or all this. Celine: Okay. Me too.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Maybe we should meet here in five years or something. Jesse: All right, all right, five year- Five years! That's a long time! Celine: It's awful! It's like a sociological experiment!

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Listen, if somebody gave me the choice right now, of to never see you again or to marry you, alright, I would marry you, alright. And maybe that's a lot of romantic bullshit, but people have gotten married for a lot less. Celine: Actually, I think I had decided I wanted to sleep with you when we got off the train. But now that we've talked so much, I don't know anymore. Celine: Why do I make everything so complicated?

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Sometimes I dream about being a good father and a good husband. And sometimes it feels really close. But then other times it seems silly like it would ruin my whole life. And it's not just a fear of commitment or that I'm incapable of caring or loving because... I can. It's just that, if I'm totally honest with myself I think I'd rather die knowing that I was really good at something. That I had excelled in some way than that I'd just been in a nice, caring relationship.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Even though I reject most of the religious things I can't help but feeling for all those people that come here lost or in pain, guilt, looking for some kind of answers. It fascinates me how a single place can join so much pain and happiness for so many generations.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: I don't think we should sleep together. I mean, I want to, but since we're never gonna see each other again, it will make me feel bad. I'll wonder who else you're with. I'll miss you. Celine: I know. It's not very adult. Maybe it's a female thing. I can't help it. Jesse: Let's see each other again.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I wish I'd meet you earlier. I really like talking to you.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: But then the morning comes, and we turn back into pumpkins, right?

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: No, then it's like some male fantasy. Meet a French girl on the train, fuck her, and never see her again.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: This friend of mine had a kid, and it was a home birth, so he was there helping out and everything. And he said at that profound moment of birth, he was watching this child, experiencing life for the first time, I mean, trying to take its first breath... all he could think about was that he was looking at something that was gonna die someday. He just couldn't get it out of his head. And I think that's so true, I mean, all - everything is so finite. But don't you think that that's what, makes our time, at specific moments, so important? Celine: Yeah, I know. It's the same for us, tonight, though. After tomorrow morning, we're probably never going to see each other again, right? Celine: We, maybe we should try something different. I mean, it's no so bad if tonight is our only night, right? People always exchange phone numbers, addresses, they end up writing once, calling each other once or twice... Jesse: Right. Fizzles out. Yeah, I mean, I don't want that. I hate that. Celine: I hate that too, y'know. Jesse: Why do you think everybody thinks relationships are supposed to last forever anyway? Celine: Yeah, why. It's stupid.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I know what you mean about wishing somebody wasn't there, though. It's just usually it's myself that I wish I could get away from. Seriously, think about this. I have never been anywhere that I haven't been. I've never had a kiss when I wasn't one of the kissers. Y'know, I've never, um, gone to the movies, when I wasn't there in the audience. I've never been out bowling, if I wasn't there, y'know making some stupid joke. I think that's why so many people hate themselves. Seriously, it's just they are sick to death of being around themselves. Jesse: Let's say that you and I were together all the time, then you'd start to hate a lot of my mannerisms. The way every time we would have people over, uh, I'd be insecure, and I'd get a little too drunk. Or, uh, the way I'd tell the same stupid pseudo-intellectual story again, and again. Y'see, I've heard all those stories. So of course I'm sick of myself. But being with you, uh, it's made me feel like I'm somebody else.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I feel like this is, uh, some dream world we're in, y'know. Celine: Yeah, it's so weird. It's like our time together is just ours. It's our own creation. It must be like I'm in your dream, and you in mine, or something. Jesse: And what's so cool is that this whole evening, all our time together, shouldn't officially be happening. Celine: Yeah, I know. Maybe that's why this feels so otherworldly.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I'm having kind of an odd situation here, which is that... is... you see that girl over there? Yeah, well, this is our only night together. Here's the problem: The problem is that she wants a bottle of red wine, and I don't have any money. I was thinking that you might want to, um, give me the address of this bar, no, I know... and I would promise to send you the money, and you would make our night complete Bartender: You would send me the money? Jesse: Yes. Bartender: Your hand? Bartender: Okay. For the greatest night in your life. Jesse: Thank you very much

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I can never get very excited about other people ambitions for my life.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: I mean, just once, I'd love to see, some little old lady save up all her money, to go to the fortune teller, and she'd get there, all excited about hearing her future, and the woman would say, "Um-humm. Tomorrow, and all your remaining days will be exactly like today. A tedious collection of hours. And you will have no new passions, and no new thoughts and no new travels, and when you die, you'll be completely forgotten.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Palm Reader: Only if you find peace within yourself, will you find true connection with others.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: I had worked for this old man and once he told me that he had spent his whole life thinking about his career and his work. And he was fifty-two and it suddenly struck him that he had never really given anything of himself. His life was for no one and nothing. He was almost crying saying that.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Yeah. So, uh, were we having our first fight back there? Celine: No. Jesse: Yeah, I think so, I think we were. Celine: Well, even if we were a little bit, y'know. Why does everyone think conflict is so bad. There's a lot of good things coming out of conflict.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Did your parents divorce? Jesse: Yeah. Finally. They should have done it a lot sooner, but they stuck together for a while for the "well-being of my sister and I", thank you very much.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Each time I wear black, or like, lose my temper, or say anything about anything, you know, they always go, "Oh it's so French. It's so cute." Ugh! I hate that!

§Before Sunrise ¤ Guy on Bridge: I am the cow!

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Wait! I have to say something stupid.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Its just... its depressing, no? That the... the only thing we're gonna think of is when we're gonna have to say goodbye tomorrow. Jesse: Well, we could say goodbye now. Then we wouldn't have to worry about it in the morning.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Would you be in Paris by now, if you hadn't gotten off the train with me? Celine: No not yet. What would you be doing? Jesse: I'd probably be hanging around the airport, reading old magazines, crying in my coffee cause you didn't come with me. Celine: Aww... Actually, I think I'd probably have gotten off the train in Salzburg with someone else. Jesse: Oh, yeah? Oh, I see. So, I'm just that dumb American momentarily decorating your blank canvas. Celine: I'm having a great time. Jesse: Really? Celine: Yeah. Jesse: Me too.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: There's these breeds of monkeys, right, and all they do is have sex, all the time, you know? And they turn out to be the least violent, the most peaceful, the most happy, you know? So maybe fooling around isn't so bad. Celine: Are you talking about monkeys? Jesse: Yes I'm talking about monkeys. Celine: Ah, I thought so...

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: This is the one I remember the most. She was only 13 when she died. That meant something to me, you know? I was that age when I first saw this. Hm. Now I'm ten years older and she's still 13, I guess. That's funny.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Well, I was driving around with this buddy of mine, he was a big atheist, and we came to a stop, next to this homeless guy. And my buddy takes out a 100 dollar bill, and leans out the window, and he says, "Do you believe in God?". And the guy looks at my friend, and he looks at the money, he says, uh, "Yes, I do". My friend says, "Wrong answer", and we drove away.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: You're close with your grandmother? Celine: Yeah. i think it's because i always have this strange feeling that i'm this very old woman laying down, about to die. You know, that my life is just her memories or something. Jesse: That's so wild.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: Since we're never gonna see each other again, I don't think we should sleep together. Jesse: Let's see each other again. Celine: I don't want you to break our vow - just so you can get *laid*.

§Before Sunrise ¤ Jesse: Do you believe in reincarnation? Celine: Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting. Jesse: Yeah, right. Well, most people, you know, a lot of people talk about past lives and things like that, you know? And even if they don't believe it in some specific way, you know, people have some kind of notion of an eternal soul, right?

§Before Sunrise ¤ Celine: I hate that the medias, ya know, they are trying to control minds. Jesse: The media? Celine: Yea, the media. Ya know, its very subtle, but its a new form of fascism really.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: You see, there are still faint glimmers of civilization left in this barbaric slaughterhouse that was once known as humanity. Indeed that's what we provide in our own modest, humble, insignificant... oh, fuck it.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [to Mme. Céline's corpse] You're looking so well, darling, you really are... they've done a marvelous job. I don't know what sort of cream they've put on you down at the morgue, but... I want some.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Rudeness is merely an expression of fear. People fear they won't get what they want. The most dreadful and unattractive person only needs to be loved, and they will open up like a flower.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Keep your hands off my lobby boy!

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Pinky: Me and the boys talked it over. We think you're a really straight fellow. M. Gustave: Well, I've never been accused of that before, but I appreciate the sentiment.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Dmitri: If I learn you ever once laid a finger on my mother's body, living or dead, I swear to God, I'll cut your throat! You hear me? M. Gustave: I thought I was supposed to be a fucking faggot. Dmitri: You are, but you're bisexual.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Mr. Moustafa: [on M.Gustave] There are still faint glimmers of civilization left in this barbaric slaughterhouse that was once known as humanity... He was one of them. What more is there to say?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Serge X, missing. Deputy Kovacs, also missing. Madame D, dead. "Boy With Apple", stolen. By us. Dmitri and Jopling, ruthless, cold-blooded savages. Gustave H, at large. What else? Zero: Zero, confused. M. Gustave: Zero, confused, indeed. The plot thickens, as they say. Why, by the way? Is it a soup metaphor? Zero: I don't know.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Young Writer: Is it simply your last connection to that banished world - his world, if you will? Mr. Moustafa: His world? No, I don't think so. You see, we shared a vocation, it wouldn't have been necessary. No, the hotel I keep for Agatha. We were happy here, for a little while. Mr. Moustafa: To be frank, I think his world had vanished long before he ever entered it. But I will say, he certainly sustained the illusion with a marvelous grace.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Henckels: By order of the commissioner of police, Zubrowka Province, I hereby place you under arrest for the murder of Madame Céline Villenueve Desgoffe-und-Taxis. M. Gustave: I knew there was something fishy. We never got the cause of death. She's been murdered, and you think I did it. [runs away]

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Monk: [At the observatory] Are you Monsieur Gustave of the Grand Budapest Hotel in Nebelsbad? M. Gustave: Uh-huh. Monk: Get on the next cable car. Monk: [On the cable car] Are you Monsieur Gustave of the Grand Budapest Hotel in Nebelsbad? M. Gustave: Uh-huh. Monk: Switch with me. Monk: [At the monastery] Are you Monsieur Gustave of the Grand Budapest Hotel in Nebelsbad? M. Gustave: Uh-huh. Monk: [Hands them robes] Put these on and sing. Monk: [Inside the monastery] Psst. Are you Monsieur Gustave of the Grand B... M. Gustave: Yes, dammit! Monk: Confess. M. Gustave: I'm innocent! Monk: No, no. [indicates confession booth]

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Zero: What happened? M. Gustave: What happened, my dear Zero, is I beat the living shit out of a sniveling little runt called Pinky Bandinski, who had the gall to question my virility. Because, if there's one thing we've learned from penny dreadfuls, it's that when you find yourself in a place like this, you must never be a candy ass; you've got to prove yourself from day one. You've got to win their respect. You should take a long look at HIS ugly mug this morning. [Takes a sip of water and laughs] M. Gustave: He's actually become a dear friend.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: I must say, I find that girl utterly delightful. Flat as a board, enormous birthmark the shape of Mexico over half her face, sweating for hours on end in that sweltering kitchen, while Mendl, genius though he is, looms over her like a hulking gorilla. Yet without question, without fail, always and invariably, she's exceedingly lovely. Why? Because of her purity.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Dmitri: [about M. Gustave] This criminal has plagued my family for nearly 20 years. He's a ruthless adventurer and a con artist who preys on mentally feeble, sick old ladies! And he probably fucks them, too! M. Gustave: I go to bed with all my friends. [Dmitri punches M. Gustave, Zero punches Dmitri, Jopling punches Zero]

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [of Mme. Céline] She was dynamite in the sack, by the way. Zero: She was 84, Monsieur Gustave. M. Gustave: Mmm, I've had older. When you're young, it's all filet steak, but as the years go by, you have to move on to the cheap cuts. Which is fine with me, because I like those. More flavorful, or so they say.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Deputy Kovacs: Did he just throw my cat out of the window?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Well, what does it say? Where is it? What's it all about, damn it? Don't keep us in suspense, Serge, this has been a complete fucking nightmare! Just tell us what the fuck is going on!

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [Regarding "Boy with Apple"] I'll never part with it. It reminded her of me; it will remind me of her, always. I'll die with this picture above my bed. See the resemblance? Zero: Oh... oh, yes. M. Gustave: [Just minutes later] Actually, we should sell it. Sooner rather than later.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: It's quite a thing, winning the loyalty of a woman like that for nineteen consecutive seasons. Zero: Um... yes, sir. M. Gustave: She's very fond of me, you know. Zero: Yes, sir. M. Gustave: I've never seen her like that before. Zero: No, sir. M. Gustave: She was shaking like a shitting dog. Zero: ...Truly.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: If this do be the end, "Farewell!" cried the wounded piper-boy... [Jopling stomps] M. Gustave: ...whilst the muskets cracked, and the yeomen roared "Hurrah", and the ramparts fell... [Jopling stomps] M. Gustave: "Methinks me breathes me last, me fears!" said he... [Zero pushes Jopling from behind; Jopling falls screaming over M. Gustave's head] M. Gustave: Holy shit, you got him!

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: If I die first, and I almost certainly will, you will be my sole heir. There's not much in the kitty, except a set of ivory-backed hairbrushes and my library of romantic poetry, but when the time comes, these will be yours. Along with whatever we haven't already spent on whores and whiskey.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Henckels: Who's shooting who? Dmitri: That's Gustave H., the escaped murderer and art thief! I've got him cornered! M. Gustave: That's Dmitri Desgoffe und Taxis! He's responsible for the killing of Deputy Kovacs, Serge X and his club-footed sister, plus his own mother! [pause] Henckels: Nobody move; everybody's under arrest.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Serge X.: Forgive me, Monsieur Gustave, I never meant to betray you. They threatened my life and now they've murdered my only family. M. Gustave: No! Who'd they kill this time? Serge X.: My dear sister. M. Gustave: The girl with the club foot? Serge X.: Yes. M. Gustave: Those fuckers!

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ [first lines] Author: It is an extremely common mistake. People think the writer's imagination is always at work, that he's constantly inventing an endless supply of incidents and episodes; that he simply dreams up his stories out of thin air. In point of fact, the opposite is true. Once the public knows you're a writer, they bring the characters and events to you. And as long as you maintain your ability to look, and to carefully listen, these stories will continue to... Author's Grandson: [shooting at him with a pellet gun] Author: Stop it! Stop it! Don't! Don't do it!... Uh, will continue to seek you out, uh, over your lifetime. To him, who has often told the tales of others, many tales will be told. Author's Grandson: Sorry. Author: It's all right. The incidents that follow were described to me exactly as I present them here, and in a wholly unexpected way.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Why do you want to be a lobby boy? Zero: Well, who wouldn't - at the Grand Budapest, sir. It's an institution.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ [after having escaped from Checkpoint 19] M. Gustave: How's our darling Agatha? Zero: [Reciting] "'Twas first light, when I saw her face upon the heath, and hence did I return, day by day, entranced, though vinegar did brine my heart, never w..." M. Gustave: Very good! I'm going to stop you there because the alarm has sounded, but remember where we left off, because I insist you finish later!

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Who's got the throat-slitter?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: I'm not angry with Serge; you can't blame someone for their basic lack of moral fiber. He's a frightened little yellow-bellied coward. It's not his fault, is it? Zero: I don't know, it depends. M. Gustave: Well, you can say that about most anything, "it depends". Of course it depends. Zero: Of course it depends, of course it depends. M. Gustave: Yes, I suppose you're right; of course it depends. However, that doesn't mean I'm not going to throttle the little swamp rat.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [Upon seeing Ludwig's map of Checkpoint 19] Who drew this? Ludwig: What do you mean, "who drew this"? I did. M. Gustave: Very good; you've got a wonderful line, Ludwig! This shows great artistic promise.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [sees soldiers enter the hotel] The beginning of the end of the end of the beginning has begun. A sad finale played off-key on a broken-down saloon piano in the outskirts of a forgotten ghost town. I'd rather not bear witness to such blasphemy. Zero: Me neither. M. Gustave: The Grand Budapest has become a troops' barracks. I shall never cross its threshold again in my lifetime. Zero: Me neither. M. Gustave: Never again shall I... [Zero spots Agatha] Zero: Actually I think we might be going in there right now after all!

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [Gustave and Zero are examining "Boy With Apple" in Dmitri's study] This is van Hoytl's exquisite portrayal of a beautiful boy on the cusp of manhood. Blond, smooth skin as white as that milk, of impeccable provenance. One of the last in private hands, and unquestionably the best. It's a masterpiece. The rest of this shit is worthless junk.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: You can't arrest him just because he's a bloody immigrant, he hasn't done anything wrong!

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Madame D.: Come with me. M. Gustave: To... fucking Lutz? Madame D.: Please! M. Gustave: Give me your hand. You've nothing to fear. You're always anxious before you travel. I admit you appear to be suffering a more acute attack on this occasion, but truly and honestly... oh, dear God, what have you done to your fingernails? Madame D.: I beg your pardon? M. Gustave: This diabolical varnish; the color is completely wrong! Madame D.: Oh really? Don't you like it? M. Gustave: It's not that I don't like it; I am physically repulsed.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: How does one come by front row aisle seats for a first night at the Opera Toscana with one day's notice? How does one arrange a private viewing of the tapestry collection at the Royal Saxon Gallery? How does one secure a corner table at Chez Dominique on a Thursday? [to Ivan, on the telephone] M. Gustave: Ivan, darling, it's Gustave, hello!... Well, I was until about five minutes ago. We've taken it upon ourselves to clear out in a hurry, if you see what I mean... Well, through a sewer, as it happens... Exactly! Listen, Ivan, I'm sorry to cut you off, but we're in a bit of a bind. This is an official request. I'm formally calling on the special services of... [Title card: THE SOCIETY OF THE CROSSED KEYS]

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: What is a lobby boy? A lobby boy is completely invisible, yet always in sight. A lobby boy remembers what people hate. A lobby boy anticipates the client's needs before the needs are needed. A lobby boy is, above all, discreet to a fault. Our guests know that their deepest secrets, some of which are frankly rather unseemly, will go with us to our graves. So keep your mouth shut, Zero.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ [Zero has just shown M. Gustave the newspaper article announcing Mme. Céline's death] M. Gustave: Dear God! Zero: I'm terribly sorry, sir. M. Gustave: We must go to her. Zero: We must? M. Gustave: Tout de suite. She needs me, and I need you, to help me with my bags and so on. [to a voice within his suite] M. Gustave: Attendez-moi, darling. [to Zero] M. Gustave: How fast can you pack? Zero: Five minutes. M. Gustave: Do it. And bring a bottle of the Pouilly-Jouvet '26, in an ice bucket, with two glasses, so we don't have to drink the cat piss they serve on the dining car.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Serge X.: There's more. M. Gustave: Okay... Serge X.: To the story. M. Gustave: I get it, go on. Serge X.: I was the official witness in Madame D's presence to the creation of a second will to be executed only in the event of her death by murder. M. Gustave: A second will? Serge X.: Right. M. Gustave: In case she got bumped off? Serge X.: Right. M. Gustave: Uh-huh... Serge X.: But they destroyed it. M. Gustave: Oh dear. Serge X.: However... M. Gustave: Uh-huh... Serge X.: I pulled a copy. M. Gustave: A second copy of the second will? Serge X.: Right. M. Gustave: Uh-huh...

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Dmitri: You're not getting "Boy with Apple", you goddamn little fruit! M. Gustave: How's that supposed to make me feel?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Mr. Moustafa: When the destiny of a great fortune is at stake, men's greed spreads like a poison in the bloodstream. Uncles, nephews, cousins, in-laws of increasingly tenuous connection. The old woman's distant relations had come foraging out of the woodwork.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: You're the first of the official death squads to whom we've been formally introduced. How do you do?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [Following Mme. Céline's death] All of Lutz will be dressed in black... except her own ghastly, deceitful children, whom she loathed and couldn't bear to kiss hello. They'll be dancing like gypsies.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Excuse me. Have you seen a pastry girl with a package under her arm in the last minute and a half? Otto: Yep. She just got on the elevator with Mr. Desgoffe und Taxis. M. Gustave: Thank you. Zero: I'm sorry, who are you? Otto: Otto, sir. The new lobby boy? Zero: Well, you haven't been trained properly, Otto. A lobby boy never provides information of that kind. You're a stone wall. Understood?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Zero: [Reading a letter from M. Gustave] "My dear and trusted colleagues..." M. Gustave: [narrates] I miss you deeply as I write from the confines of my regrettable and preposterous incarceration. Until I walk amongst you again as a free man, the Grand Budapest remains in your hands, as does its impeccable reputation. Keep it spotless, and glorify it. Take extra-special care of every little bitty bit of it as if I were watching over you like a hawk with a horse-whip in its talons, because I am. Should I discover a lapse of any variety during my absence, I promise swift and merciless justice will descend upon you. A great and noble house has been placed under your protection. Tell Zero if you see any funny business. Zero: [finishing the letter] "Your devoted Monsieur Gustave."

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Zero: Do you have an alibi? M. Gustave: Of course. But she's married to the Duke of Westphalia. I can't allow her name to get mixed up in all this monkey business. Zero: Monsieur Gustave, your life may be at stake. M. Gustave: I know. The bitch legged it! She's already on board the Queen Nasstasja, halfway to Dutch Tanganyika.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: [interviewing will walking] Experience? Zero: Hotel Kinsky, Kitchen Boy, 6 months. Hotel Berlitz, Mop and Broom Boy, 3 months. Before that I was a Skillet Scrubber. M. Gustave: Experience, zero. [to various workers] M. Gustave: Straighten that cap. Pleasure's all mine. These are not acceptable. [back to Zero] M. Gustave: Education? Zero: I studied reading *and* spelling. I started my primary school. I almost finished... M. Gustave: Education, zero.Good morning Cicero. Call the plumber. Family? Zero: [hesitates] Zero.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: May I offer any of you inmates a plate of mush? No? Anyone?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: Give me a few squirts of L'air de Panache, please, will you? [Zero doesn't move] M. Gustave: Can I not get A squirt, even? Zero: I forgot the L'air de Panache. M. Gustave: Honestly, you forgot the L'air de Panache? I don't believe it. I mean, how could you? I've been in jail, Zero! Do you understand how humiliating this is? I smell! That's just marvelous, isn't it? I suppose this is to be expected back in... Where do you come from again? Zero: Aq-Salim-al-Jabat. M. Gustave: Precisely. I suppose this is to be expected back in Aq-Salim-al-Jabat, where one's prized possessions are a stack of filthy carpets and a starving goat, and one sleeps behind a tent flap and survives on wild dates and scarabs. But it's not how I trained you! What on God's earth possessed you to leave the homeland where you obviously belong and travel unspeakable distances to become a penniless immigrant in a refined, highly-cultivated society that, quite frankly, could've gotten along very well without you? Zero: The war. M. Gustave: ...Say again? Zero: Well, you see, my father was murdered and the rest of my family were executed by firing squad. Our village was burned to the ground and those who managed to survive were forced to flee. I left because of the war. M. Gustave: I see. So you're, actually, really more of a refugee, in that sense? Zero: Truly. M. Gustave: [chagrined] Well, I suppose I'd better take back everything I just said. What a bloody idiot I am. Pathetic fool. Goddamn, selfish bastard. This is disgraceful, and it's beneath the standards of the Grand Budapest. I apologize on behalf of the hotel. Zero: It's not your fault, Monsieur Gustave. You were just upset I forgot the perfume. M. Gustave: Don't make excuses for me! I owe you my life. You are my dear friend and protégé and I'm very proud of you. You must know that! I'm so sorry, Zero. Zero: We're brothers. [they hug]

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ Dmitri: [discovering the painting's disappearance] What's the meaning of this shit? Laetizia: "Boy with Apple"? I thought you'd hidden it. Marguerite: Why are you only noticing now? Carolina: I assumed you took it. I assumed it went to the tax appraiser. Dmitri: ...Are you fucking kidding me?

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: I was perhaps for a time considered the best lobby boy we ever had at the Grand Budapest. I think I can say that. This one finally surpassed me. Although I must say, I am an exceptional teacher.

§The Grand Budapest Hotel ¤ M. Gustave: I give you my word, if you lay a finger on this man, I'll see you dishonorably discharged, locked up in the stockade, and hanged by sundown.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Quintus Arrius: Your eyes are full of hate, forty-one. That's good. Hate keeps a man alive. It gives him strength.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sextus: You can break a man's skull, you can arrest him, you can throw him into a dungeon. But how do you control what's up here? [taps his head] Sextus: How do you fight an idea?

§Ben-Hur ¤ [Quintas Arrius wakes up, chained, on ship debris; the chain is held by Judah] Quintus Arrius: Why did you save me? Judah Ben-Hur: Why did you have me unchained? [they struggle briefly, Arrius is overpowered; he looks at the shackle on Judah's ankle] Quintus Arrius: What is your name, Forty-One? Judah Ben-Hur: Judah Ben-Hur. Quintus Arrius: Judah Ben-Hur. Let me die. Judah Ben-Hur: [ironically] We keep you alive to serve this ship. Row well, and live.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Quintus Arrius: In his eagerness to save you, your God has also saved the Roman fleet.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Esther: It was Judah Ben-Hur I loved. What has become of him? You seem to be now the very thing you set out to destroy. Giving evil for evil. Hatred is turning you to stone. It's as though you had become Messala.

§Ben-Hur ¤ [last lines] Judah Ben-Hur: Almost at the moment He died, I heard Him say, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." Esther: Even then. Judah Ben-Hur: Even then. And I felt His voice take the sword out of my hand. [Miriam and Tirzah appear at the top of the stairs; Judah goes up to them, sees that they have been miraculously healed; they embrace each other]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Messala: By what magic do you bear the name of a Consul of Rome? Judah Ben-Hur: You were the magician, Messala. When my ship was sunk, I saved the Consul's life.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: [after he is sentenced to the galleys] May God grant me vengeance! I will pray that you live until I return! Messala: [ironically] Return?

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: If you were not a bride, I would kiss you goodbye. Esther: If I were not a bride, there would be no goodbyes to be said.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sheik Ilderim: Balthasar is a good man. But until all men are like him, we must keep our swords bright! Judah Ben-Hur: And our intentions true! So I must leave you. Sheik Ilderim: One last thought: There is no law in the arena; many are killed... I hope to see you again, Judah Ben-Hur.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Messala: Sextus, you ask how to fight an idea. Well I'll tell you how... with another idea!

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: [dipping a hand in a stream] When the Romans were marching me to the galleys, thirst had almost killed me. A man gave me water to drink, and I went on living. I should have done better if I'd poured it into the sand! Balthasar: No. Judah Ben-Hur: I'm thirsty still.

§Ben-Hur ¤ [on Arrius' orders, Judah is left unlocked for the upcoming battle; Judah touches his unchained ankle, bewildered] Rower No. 42: Forty-one, why did he do that? Judah Ben-Hur: I don't know. [remembering Nazareth] Judah Ben-Hur: Once before, a man helped me. I didn't know why then.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Quintus Arrius: Now listen to me, all of you. You are all condemned men. We keep you alive to serve this ship. So row well, and live.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Esther: Oh, Judah, rest. Sleep. For a few hours of the night, let your mind be at peace. Judah Ben-Hur: [bitterly] Peace! Love and peace. Do you think I don't long for them as you do? Where do you see them? Esther: If you had heard this man from Nazareth... Judah Ben-Hur: Balthasar's word. Esther: He is more than Balthasar's word. His voice traveled with such a still purpose... It was more than a voice... a man more than a man! He said, "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." Judah Ben-Hur: Children of God? In that dead valley where we left them? I tell you every man in Judea is unclean, and will *stay* unclean, until we've scoured off our bodies the crust and filth of being at the mercy of tyranny. No other life is possible except to wash this land clean! Esther: In blood? Judah Ben-Hur: Yes, in blood! Esther: I know there is a law in life, that blood gets more blood as dog begets dog. Death generates death, as the vulture breeds the vulture! But the voice I heard today on the hill said, "Love your enemy. Do good to those who despitefully use you." Judah Ben-Hur: So all who are born in this land hereafter can suffer as we have done! Esther: As you make us do now! Are we to bear nothing together? Even love? Judah Ben-Hur: I can hardly draw breath without feeling you in my heart. Yet I know that everything I do from this moment will be as great a pain to you as you have ever suffered. It is better not to love me! Esther: It was Judah Ben-Hur I loved. What has become of him? You seem to be now the very thing you set out to destroy, giving evil for evil! Hatred is turning you to stone. It is as though you had become Messala! [Judah looks at Esther, shocked] Esther: [sadly] I've lost you, Judah.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sheik Ilderim: One God, that I can understand; but one wife? That is not civilized. [nudges Judah] Sheik Ilderim: It is not generous!

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: He gave me water, and the heart to live. What has he done to merit this? Balthasar: He has taken the world of our sins onto Himself. To this end He said He was born, in that stable, where I first saw Him. For this cause, He came into the world. Judah Ben-Hur: For this death? Balthasar: For this beginning.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sheik Ilderim: Was the food not to your liking? Judah Ben-Hur: Oh, indeed! [Balthasar gestures for Judah to burp in gratitude, and Judah burps]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Quintus Arrius: [startled from sleep by Judah's arrival] Why are you here? Judah Ben-Hur: I was ordered to report to you during my relief. Quintus Arrius: Oh yes, I had forgotten. [he rises] Quintus Arrius: You could have killed me as I lay there! You're a condemned man, why didn't you? Judah Ben-Hur: I'm not ready to die. Quintus Arrius: What do you think will save you? Judah Ben-Hur: The God of my fathers. Quintus Arrius: Your God has forsaken you. He has no more power than the images I pray to. My gods do not help me. Your God will not help you. I might. Does that interest you, Forty-One? [pause] Quintus Arrius: I can see that it does. I'm a fighting man by profession, and in my leisure moments, it amuses me to train fighting men. I own some of the best gladiators and charioteers in Rome. Would you like to become one of them? Judah Ben-Hur: To die as your slave? Quintus Arrius: Better than to live in chains below these decks. Judah Ben-Hur: I will not be here forever. Quintus Arrius: No? What would you do, if you escaped? Judah Ben-Hur: Two people were condemned with me, my mother and sister, even though they were innocent. I will not rest... Quintus Arrius: [interrupting] You do not say that you were innocent. Judah Ben-Hur: Would it do any good to say it again? Quintus Arrius: No. Now consider my offer carefully. You will never escape while we are victorious. If we are not, you will sink with this ship, chained to your oar. Judah Ben-Hur: I can't believe that God has let me live these three years, to die chained to an oar. Quintus Arrius: It's a strange, stubborn faith you keep. To believe that existence has a purpose! A sane man would have learned to lose it long before this. Judah Ben-Hur: As you have. What drove it out of you? Quintus Arrius: Go back to your oar, Forty-One.

§Ben-Hur ¤ [Messala is mortally injured after being trampled in the chariot race] Doctor: We cannot wait, Tribune. Messala: [softly] He will come. [he convulses with pain; they hold him down] Doctor: We cannot wait any longer, Tribune! Messala: [shouts] He will come! He will come. I have sent for him, and he will come! Doctor: If you wish us to keep you alive, we have to go to work *now*, Tribune. Do you understand? Messala: Cut the legs off me... Not yet. Not till I've seen him. I can't receive him with half a body! [Drusus and the surgeon share a look; they begin binding Messala in preparation for amputation] Messala: [struggling] NO! [Judah appears in the doorway] Messala: I told you, Drusus; I told you! There he is. [Judah approaches and stands over Messala] Messala: Triumph c... triumph complete, Judah. The race won, the enemy destroyed. Judah Ben-Hur: I see no enemy. Messala: What do you think you see? The smashed body of a wretched animal? There's enough of a man still left here for you to hate. Let me help you. [he convulses with pain] Messala: You think they're dead, your mother and sister? Dead, and the race over? It isn't over, Judah. They're not dead. Judah Ben-Hur: [leaning closer] Where are they? [pause] Judah Ben-Hur: Where are they? WHERE ARE THEY? Messala: [with grim satisfaction] Look... look for them... in the Valley... of the Lepers! If you can recognize them! [Judah doubles over with grief] Messala: It goes on. It goes on, Judah. The race... the race... is not... over! [he dies]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Messala: By condemning without hesitation an old friend, I shall be feared.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: I must deal with Messala in my own way. Balthasar: And your way is to kill him. [Judah's look confirms this] Balthasar: I see this terrible thing in your eyes, Judah Ben-Hur, but no matter what this man has done to you, you have no right to take his life. He will be punished inevitably. Judah Ben-Hur: I don't believe in miracles. Balthasar: But all life is a miracle! Why will you not accept God's judgement?

§Ben-Hur ¤ Miriam: [speaking of Christ] As though he were carrying that cross the pain of the world. [she whispers] Miriam: So fearful. Tirzah: And yet why is it... I'm not afraid anymore? [thunder rumbles] Esther: The shadow of a storm. [they go inside a nearby cave; the sky goes dark outside] Esther: A strange darkness, but still day. [a violent storm begins] Miriam: His life is over. [lightning cracks] Tirzah: He's here. It's tearing... I feel the pain! Miriam: I feel it too. [They seem to faint] Esther: [concerned] Miriam? [Miriam presses Esther's hand] Esther: I thought that... Miriam! Do you see your hand? [They look; Tirzah sits up, healed] Esther: Tirzah! Miriam! [They touch each other's faces, feel their hands, embrace as they realize they've been healed]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sheik Ilderim: Bonehead! Give me those reins! You think you can treat my horses like animals? To drive cows and goats is all you're fit for! Get off, idiot! [he kicks the driver off the chariot]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: You sent for me? Pontius Pilate: I hope I bring you a good conclusion to your victory. I have a message for you from the consul, your father. Judah Ben-Hur: I honor him. Pontius Pilate: As you may honor yourself. You have been made a citizen of Rome. [pause] Pontius Pilate: Do you say nothing to this? Judah Ben-Hur: I have just come from the Valley of Stone where my mother and my sister live what's left of their lives. By Rome's will, lepers; outcasts without hope! Pontius Pilate: I have heard this. There was great blame there, very deeply regretted. Judah Ben-Hur: Their flesh is mine, m'lord Pilate. It already carries Rome's mark. Pontius Pilate: Messala is dead. What he did has had its way with him. Judah Ben-Hur: The deed was not Messala's. I knew him, well, before the cruelty of Rome spread in his blood. Rome destroyed Messala as surely as Rome has destroyed my family. Pontius Pilate: Where there is greatness, great government or power, even great feeling or compassion, error also is great. We progress and mature by fault. But Rome has said she is ready to join your life to hers in a great future. Judah Ben-Hur: There are other voices. Pontius Pilate: The voice for instance of Arrius, waiting for you in Rome. He would tell you, if I may speak in his place, not to crucify yourself on a shadow such as old resentment or impossible loyalties. Perfect freedom has no existence. A grown man knows the world he lives in, and for the present, the world is Rome. Young Arrius, I am sure, will choose it. Judah Ben-Hur: I am Judah Ben-Hur. [long pause; Pilate turns and walks away a few steps, then gestures] Pontius Pilate: I crossed this floor in spoken friendship, as I would speak to Arrius. But when I go up those stairs I become the hand of Caesar, ready to crush all those who challenge his authority. There are too many small men of envy and ambition who try to disrupt the government of Rome. You have become the victor and hero to these people. They look to you, their one true god as I called you. If you stay here, you will find yourself part of this tragedy. Judah Ben-Hur: I am already part of this tragedy. [Judah Ben-Hur takes off Arrius' ring] Judah Ben-Hur: Return this to Arrius. I honor him too well to wear it any longer. Pontius Pilate: [taking the ring] Even for the sake of Arrius, I cannot protect you from personal disaster if you stay here. You are too great a danger. [he turns away and walks up the stairs to the governor's throne] Pontius Pilate: Leave Judea. You have my warning. [Judah Ben-Hur then exits Pilate's palace]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Balthasar: [during the crucifixion] I have lived too long.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Messala: Look to the West, Judah! Don't be a fool, look to Rome! Judah Ben-Hur: I would rather be a fool than a traitor... or a killer! Messala: I am a soldier! Judah Ben-Hur: Yes! Who kills! For Rome! Rome is evil! Messala: I warn you... Judah Ben-Hur: No! I warn you! Rome is an affront to God! Rome is strangling my people and my country, the whole Earth! But not forever. I tell you the day Rome falls there will be a shout of freedom such as the world has never heard before!

§Ben-Hur ¤ Neighbor: You're not watching the soldiers, Joseph? Joseph: We've seen Romans before. Neighbor: Yes. And we will see them again. [the neighbor examines some boards which have not been assembled] Neighbor: My table is not finished. Where is your son? Joseph: He's walking in the hills. Neighbor: [disapproving] Mm-hm. He neglects his work, Joseph. Joseph: No. Once I reproached him with forgetting his work. He said to me, "I must be about my Father's business." Neighbor: Then why isn't he here, working? Joseph: [smiling] He's working.

§Ben-Hur ¤ [Christ passes, bearing the cross] Esther: How can this be? Judah Ben-Hur: [shocked] I *know* this man! [Jesus stumbles and is whipped by the centurions] Miriam: [pleading] Won't someone help him? [Jesus is whipped again] Tirzah: Pity on him! Miriam: [wonderingly] In his pain... there's a look of peace. Judah Ben-Hur: Watch over them, Esther. [he goes after Jesus] Miriam: We must go back. Esther: [sadly] I brought you here to this... when I hoped... Miriam: [looking after Christ] You haven't failed, Esther.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sheik Ilderim: [about his wives] I've got six... no, seven. Balthasar: I have counted eight, and that is because he is traveling. At home, he has more.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: Where are my mother and sister? Where are they? Messala: Here, within these walls. The governor is recovering. They won't die. Of course, they will be sentenced. Judah Ben-Hur: Is it possible- Messala, is it possible you could do this to us? To people you've known? A family you've loved? You'll let them go. You must! You will gladly let them go! MESSALA! [pause] Judah Ben-Hur: I didn't try to kill the governor! You know that! I'm not mad! I'm not a murderer! Messala: I know you're not. Judah Ben-Hur: You know? [pause] Judah Ben-Hur: You are evil. Messala: No, Judah, I am not evil! I wanted your help, now you've given it to me. By making this example of you, I discourage treason. By condemning, without hesitation, an old friend, I shall be feared. Judah Ben-Hur: But not my family. Let them go. Please. Messala, I beg you. Messala: BEG? Didn't I beg you? You chose this for yourself. There's nothing more to be said. [With an enraged cry, Judah raises his spear as if to stab Messala] Messala: Kill me and your mother and sister will die today! Nailed to crosses in front of you! Go on, Judah! Kill me! [With another cry, Judah hurls the spear into the wall beside Messala and collapses]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Balthasar: Pardon me - you are a stranger here. Would you be from Nazareth? Judah Ben-Hur: Why do you ask? Balthasar: I thought... you might be the one... the one I have come back from my country to find. He would be about your age. Judah Ben-Hur: Who? Balthasar: When I find him, I shall know him.

§Ben-Hur ¤ [Judah confronts Esther and Malluch in the Valley of the Lepers] Judah Ben-Hur: [angrily, to Esther] Why did you tell me they were dead? Esther: It was what they wanted. Judah, I must not betray this faith. Will you do this for them? Judah Ben-Hur: Not to see them? Esther: [seeing Miriam and Tirzah approach] They are coming... Judah! Judah, love them in the way they most need to be loved: not to look at them! Judah, let it be as though you had never come here. Please, Judah! [Judah hides behind a boulder as Esther goes to meet Miriam] Miriam: Is Judah well? Is he happy? [Judah's face twists in anguish] Esther: Yes. He is well. Your mind can be at rest for him. He is well, Miriam. Miriam: [taking the basket of food] God be with you. [Miriam and Tirzah go back into their cave] Esther: [going back to Judah] They are gone. We can go back. Judah Ben-Hur: [bitterly] Go back... to what? Esther: Judah, they have one blessing left: to think you remember them as they were. Live your own life. Forget what is here. Judah Ben-Hur: Forget? It's as if they were alive in a grave! Esther: But what can you do? Judah Ben-Hur: Undo what you've done! How could you have suffered them to come here? I must see them! Esther: No Judah, please! Judah! [Judah starts toward the cave but is stopped by Malluch] Esther: Oh, think, Judah, *think*! It will tear them apart if they see you!

§Ben-Hur ¤ [Judah, Esther, Miriam and Tirzah enter the city to find it deserted except for a blind beggar] Judah Ben-Hur: [to Blind Man] Why are the streets deserted? Blind Man: They have gone to the trial. Alms for the blind? Judah Ben-Hur: Trial? Whose trial? Blind Man: The young rabbi from Nazareth. They are wanting his death. Esther: It cannot be true! Blind Man: [holding out his cup] Alms? Judah Ben-Hur: What has he done? Blind Man: Nothing I know of. For the blind? For the blind? Help for the blind? [Judah drops a coin in his cup]

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sextus: There's this wild man in the desert named John who drowns people in water.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Miriam: [hesitating as they leave the Valley of the Lepers] I'm afraid. Esther: [embracing her] No cause. The world is more than we know.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Tiberius Caesar: [Tiberius Caesar sees Judah Ben-Hur, in Arrius' chariot] This man riding beside you, who is he? Quintus Arrius: The man who saved me, divine Emperor, to return and serve you. Tiberius Caesar: Is that all you know of him? Quintus Arrius: No. He was accused of an attack on the governor of Judea. But he was innocent. Tiberius Caesar: If not, there is a strange inconsistency in this man, who tries to kill my governor, yet saves the life of my Consul. Come tomorrow, and we will talk of him.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: If I cannot persuade them, that does not mean I will help you... *murder* them. Besides, you must understand this, Messala. I believe in the past of my people, *and* in their future. Messala: Future? You are a conquered people! Judah Ben-Hur: You may conquer the land; you may slaughter the people. But that is not the end. We will rise again.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Servant: [Presenting a gift] For the Tribune. With the compliments of Quintus Arrius. He awaits your pleasure. Messala: The consul here? Servant: It is Quintus Arrius the Younger, tribune. Messala: Thank him. Bring him to me. Drusus: I didn't know the consul had a son. Messala: I've heard of the young Arrius. He's a champion of the great circus. Why is he here presenting me with gifts? Drusus: Perhaps he will race against you in the games. Messala: [opens the box and takes out a dagger] Look. Drusus: It's magnificent. Messala: And from a man I've never met! Judah Ben-Hur: [enters] You're wrong, Messala.

§Ben-Hur ¤ 1st Jailer: [looking in records] Miriam, wife... Tirzah, daughter. Drusus: Yes, they're the ones. Are they alive? 1st Jailer: [examining the records, he is pessimistic] East section... lower level. Cell two. The jailer in that wing will know. [Drusus is led down various passages into the lower dungeons] Drusus: How long since you've seen them? 2nd Jailer: Never - and I've been here three years. But they're alive, all right. 2nd Jailer: [after demonstrating a slot in the bottom of the cell door] The food disappears.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Quintus Arrius: [a galley's 200 rowers are gradually told to increase their pace] Battle speed!... Attack speed!... Ramming speed!

§Ben-Hur ¤ Messala: Judah, either you help me or you oppose me, you have no other choice. You're either for me or against me! Judah Ben-Hur: If that is the choice, then I am against you.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Centurion: There's a Jew outside. He wants to see the Tribune Messala. Messala: I assume he has a name. Centurion: [sneeringly] He says he's a prince, Prince Judah Ben-Hur. Messala: [loud and quickly] Then treat him like one! [quietly] Messala: Tell him I'll join him. [the centurion starts to leave, and Messala shouts again] Messala: CENTURION! [Again quietly] Messala: This was his country before it was ours. Don't forget that. Centurion: Yes, Tribune. [the centurion then goes out] Sextus: That was very wise. This Judah Ben-Hur is the son of one of the wealthiest families in Judea.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Simonides: Judah-Ben Hur! You've come back to us like a returning faith! Oh Judah, I should like to laugh again. Let us laugh! Judah Ben-Hur: We will laugh. Simonides: There will be joy again in this house! We will celebrate! Among the dust and cobwebs... [Simonides sobs]

§Ben-Hur ¤ [first lines and off-screen] Balthasar: [narrating, off screen] In the Year of our Lord, Judea - for nearly a century - had lain under the mastery of Rome. In the seventh year of the reign of Augustus Caesar, an imperial decree ordered every Judean each to return to his place of birth to be counted and taxed. The converging ways of many of them led to the gates of their capital city, Jerusalem, the troubled heart of their land. The old city was dominated by the fortress of Antonia, the seat of Roman power, and by the great golden temple, the outward sign of an inward and imperishable faith. Even while they obeyed the will of Caesar, the people clung proudly to their ancient heritage, always remembering the promise of their prophets that one day there would be born among them a redeemer to bring them salvation and perfect freedom.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Messala: [greedily] Drusus, as a boy I dreamed of commanding this garrison. And now the wheel has turned. Now, I am in command.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Judah Ben-Hur: What has become of my mother and my sister? Messala: It is not my duty to keep track of prisoners. Judah Ben-Hur: Find them, Messala. Restore them to me and I will forget what I vowed with every stroke of that oar you chained me to. Messala: I am not the governor of Judea. I can do nothing without Gratus' approval. Judah Ben-Hur: Then get it! I will come back tomorrow. Don't disappoint me, Messala. [he leaves] Messala: What became of them? Drusus: It's been almost five years. Do you suppose they're still alive? Messala: Go to the citadel, Drusus. Find out. Drusus: And if they're dead? Messala: They're dead!

§Ben-Hur ¤ Tirzah: [mouthing silently to the sky after being healed of leprosy] Thank you. Thank you.

§Ben-Hur ¤ Centurion: No water for him!

§Ben-Hur ¤ Sheik Ilderim: Judah Ben-Hur, my people are praying for a man... to drive their team to victory over Messala. You could be that man, the one... to stamp his arrogance into the sand. My horses need only a driver who is worthy of them... one who will rule them with love, not the whip. For him, they'd outrace the wind. Judah Ben-Hur: It's not possible. Sheik Ilderim: That is a pity. Think of it. To break his pride... to humble this tribune before the very people he has degraded. Just think, his defeat and humiliation at the hands of a Jew! I know it is not possible. Does it not delight your imagination?

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Title card: [End title card] EPILOGUE Title card: It was in the reign of George III that the aforesaid personages lived and quarreled; good or bad, handsome or ugly, rich or poor they are all equal now

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] Barry had his faults, but none could say of him that he was not a good and tender father. He loved his son with blind impartiality. He denied the boy nothing. It is impossible to convey what high hopes Barry had for young Bryan, or how he indulged in a thousand fond anticipations of the boy's future success and figure in the world. But Fate had determined that Barry should leave none of his race behind him... that he should finish his life poor, lonely, and childless.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] A lady who sets her heart upon a lad in uniform must prepare to change lovers pretty quickly, or her life will be but a sad one. This heart of Lischen's was like many a neighboring town and had been stormed and occupied several times before Barry came to invest it.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Lord Bullingdon: [after Barry has whipped him repeatedly with a cane] Will that be all Mr. Redmond Barry? Redmond Barry: Yes, that will be all. Lord Bullingdon: Well then, look you now... from this moment, I will submit to no further chastisement from you. I will kill you, if you lay hands on me ever again! Is that entirely clear to you, sir? Redmond Barry: [under his breath] Get out of here!

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] It is well to dream of glorious war in a snug armchair at home, but it is a very different thing to see it first hand. And after the death of his friend, Barry's thoughts turned from those of military glory to those of finding a way to escape the service to which he was now tied for another six years. Gentlemen may talk of the age of chivalry, but remember the ploughmen, poachers and pickpockets whom they lead. It is with these sad instruments that your great warriors and kings have been doing their murderous work in the world.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ [Redmond Barry sees a lone figure down the road, his back facing him] Redmond Barry: Excuse me, sir! [Man turns around aiming dual pistols at Barry] Captain Feeny: Good morning again, young sir! [a young man on horseback approaches and holds Barry up from behind with a pistol] Captain Feeny: Don't even think about it. Get down off that horse. Raise your hands high above your head, please. Come forward... stop. How do you do? I'm Captain Feeny. Redmond Barry: Captain Feeny? Captain Feeny: Captain Feeny at your service. Redmond Barry: THE Captain Feeny? Captain Feeny: None other. May I introduce you to my son, Seamus. Seamus: How do you do? Redmond Barry: How do you do? Captain Feeny: To whom have I the honor of speaking? Redmond Barry: My name's Redmond Barry. Captain Feeny: How do you do Mr. Barry? And now I'm afraid we must get on to the more regrettable stage of our brief acquaintance. Turn around, and keep your hands high above your head, please. [Seamus frisks Barry and finds a pouch full of money] Seamus: There must be 20 guineas in gold here, father! Captain Feeny: Well, well, well. You seem to be a very well set up young gentleman, sir! Redmond Barry: Captain Feeny, that's all the money my mother had in the world. Mightn't I be allowed to keep it? I'm just one step ahead of the law myself. I killed and English officer in a duel, and I'm on my way to Dublin until things cool down. Captain Feeny: Mr. Barry, in my profession we hear many such stories. Yours is one of the most intriguing and touching I've heard in many weeks. Nevertheless, I'm afraid I cannot grant your request. But I'll tell you what I will do. I'll allow you to keep those fine pair of boots which in normal circumstances I would have for myself. The next town is only 5 miles away, and I suggest you now start walking. Redmond Barry: Mightn't I be allowed to keep my horse? Captain Feeny: I should like to oblige you, but with people like us, we must be able to travel faster than our clients. Good day, young sir. [Barry soon is a few paces ahead of the robbers] Captain Feeny: You can put down your hands now, Mr. Barry!

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Sir Charles Lyndon: [laughs] He wants to step into my shoes. He wants to step into my shoes. Is it not a pleasure Gentlemen for me, as I am drawing near the goal - to find my home such a happy one - my wife so fond of me, that she is even now thinking of appointing a successor? Isn't it a comfort to see her like a prudent housewife - getting everything ready for her husband's departure? Redmond Barry: I hope you're not thinking of leaving us soon, Sir Charles? Sir Charles Lyndon: Not so soon my dear as you may fancy, perhaps. Why man I've been given over many times these four years. And there was always a candidate or two - waiting to apply for the situation. I'm sorry for you, Mr. Barry. It grieves me to keep you or any gentleman waiting. Had you not better arrange with my doctor or have the cook flavor my omelette with arsenic, eh? What are the odds, gentlemen, that I live to see Mr. Barry hang yet? Redmond Barry: Sir, let those laugh that win.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Lord Bullingdon: [referring to Bryan wearing his oversized shoes] Don't you think he fits my shoes very well, Your Ladyship? [kneels to his stepbrother] Lord Bullingdon: Dear child, what a pity it is I am not dead for your sake. The Lyndons would then have a worthy representative, and enjoy all the benefits of the illustrious blood of the Barrys of Barryville... Would they not, Mr. Redmond Barry? Lady Lyndon: From the way I love this child, my lord, you ought to know how I would have loved his elder brother... had he proved worthy of any mother's affection. Lord Bullingdon: Madam! I have born, as long as any mortal could endure, the ill-treatment of the insolent Irish upstart whom you've taken into your bed. It is not only the lowness of his birth, and the general brutality of his manners, which disgusts me... but also the shameful nature of his conduct towards Your Ladyship, his brutal and un-gentleman-like behavior, his open infidelity, his shameless robberies and swindling of my property and yours. As I cannot personally chastise this lowbred ruffian, as I cannot bear to witness anymore his treatment of you, and as I loathe his horrible society as if it were the plague, I have decided to leave my home and never return... at least, during his detested life, or during my own. [Lady Lyndon grabs Bryan and runs from the room in tears. Barry rushes Bullingdon and wallops him in a rage, until the guests pull them apart]

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Sir Charles Lyndon: Have you done with my Lady? Redmond Barry: I beg your pardon? Sir Charles Lyndon: Come, come, sir. I'm a man who would rather be known as a cuckold than a fool.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] Barry's first taste of battle was only a skirmish against a small rearguard of Frenchmen who occupied an orchard beside a road down which, a few hours later, the English main force would wish to pass. Though this encounter is not recorded in any history books, it was memorable enough for those who took part.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Captain Grogan: [dying] I've only a hundred guineas left to give you for I lost the rest at cards last night. Kiss me, me boy, for we'll never meet again.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] No lad who has liberty for the first time, and twenty guineas in his pocket, is very sad, and Barry rode towards Dublin thinking not so much of the kind mother left alone, and of the home behind him, but of tomorrow, and all the wonders it would bring.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Lord Bullingdon: [to a drunk Barry] I have now come to claim that satisfaction.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Redmond Barry: I'm not sorry. And I'll not apologize. And I'd as soon go to Dublin as to hell.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] Five years in the English and Prussian armies - plus considerable experience of traveling the world - had by now dispelled any of those romantic notions, regarding love, with which Barry commenced life. And he had it in mind, as so many gentlemen had before him, to marry a woman of great fortune and condition. And - as such things so often happen - these thoughts closely coincided with his setting sight upon a lady, who would henceforth play a considerable part in the drama of his life: the Countess of Lyndon, Viscountess Bullingdon of England, Baroness of Castle Lyndon of the Kingdom of Ireland, a woman of vast wealth and great beauty. She was the wife of The Right Honorable Sir Charles Reginald Lyndon: Knight of the Bath; Minister to George III at several of the smaller Courts of Europe; a cripple, wheeled about in a chair, worn out by gout and a myriad of other diseases. Her Ladyship's Chaplain, Mr. Runt, acted in the capacity of tutor to her son: the little Viscount Bullingdon; a melancholy boy, much attached to his mother.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ [last lines] Narrator: [voice-over] Utterly baffled and beaten, what was a lonely and broken-hearted man to do? Barry took the annuity and returned to Ireland with his mother to complete his recovery. Sometime later, he travelled to the Continent. His life there, we have not the means of following accurately. But he appears to have resumed his former profession of a gambler without his former success. He never saw Lady Lyndon again.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] The Prussian service was considerably worse than the English. The life that the private soldier led was a frightful one. Punishment was incessant, and every officer had the right to inflict it. The gauntlet was the most common penalty for minor offenses. The more serious ones were punishable by mutilation or death. At the close of the Seven Years' War, the army, so renowned for it's disciplined valor, was officered by native Prussians. But it was composed, for the most part, of men from the lowest levels of humanity. Hired, or stolen from almost every nation in Europe. Thus Barry fell into the very worst of courses and company. And was soon very far advanced in the science of every kind of misconduct.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice-over] It would require a great philosopher and historian to explain the causes of the famous Seven Years' War, in which Europe was engaged, and in which Barry's regiment was now on its way to take part. Let it suffice to say that England and Prussia were allies... and at war against the French, the Swedes, the Russians, and the Austrians.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Redmond Barry: Sir, I... I have a confession to make to you. I'm an Irishman. And my name is Redmond Barry. I was abducted into the Prussian army two years ago, and now have been put into your service by my Captain Potzdorf, and his uncle, the Minister of Police... to serve as a watch upon your... actions... and to give information to the same quarter. Narrator: [voice-over] The Chevalier was as much affected as Barry at thus finding one of his countrymen. For he too was an exile from home, and a friendly voice, a look, brought the old country back to his memory again.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ [Barry has just been arrested by the Prussians for impersonating a British officer] Redmond Barry: I'm under arrest? Captain Potzdorf, sir! I'm a British officer. Captain Potzdorf: You are a liar! You are an impostor. You are a deserter. I suspected you this morning, and your lies and folly have confirmed this to me. You pretend to carry dispatches to a British general who has been dead these ten months. You say your uncle is the British Ambassador in Berlin, with the ridiculous name of O'Grady. Now, will you join and take the bounty that is on your head sir, or will you be given up? Redmond Barry: [beat] I volunteer.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ [first lines] [two figures visible on the horizon prepare to duel. Three witnesses stand between them] Second: Gentlemen, cock your pistols! Gentlemen... Narrator: Barry's father... Second: ...aim your pistols! Narrator: ...had been bred, like many other young sons of a genteel family, to the profession of the law. Second: One! Narrator: And there is no doubt he would've... Second: Two! Narrator: ...made an eminent figure in his profession... Second: Three! [the two duelists fire at each other, one of them collapses] Narrator: ...had he not been killed in a duel, which arose over the purchase of some horses.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: [voice Over Scene of Sir Charles Lyndon suffering an attack after quarreling with Barry] From a report in The Saint James' Chronicle: "Died at Spa in the Kingdom of Belgium: The Right Honorable Sir Charles Reginald Lyndon; Knight of the Bath; Member of Parliament; and for many years, His Majesty's Representative at various European Courts. He has left behind him a name which is endeared to all his friends..."

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Barry's Mother: [to Barry] I shall not rest until I see you as Lord Lyndon. You have important friends. They can tell you how these things are done. For money, well-timed and properly applied can accomplish anything.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Redmond Barry: If ever I should meet him again you will find out who is the best man of the two. I'll fight him sword or pistol, captain as he is.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: Barry - had now arrived at the pitch of prosperity and by his own energy had raised himself to a higher sphere of society. Having procured his majesty's gracious permission, to add the name of his lovely Lady, to his own. Henceforth, Redmond Barry assumed the style and title of: Barry Lyndon.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Rev. Samuel Runt: My Lord Bullingdon, you seem particularly glum today. You should be happy that your mother has remarried. Lord Bullingdon: Not in this way. And not in such haste. And certainly not to this man. Rev. Samuel Runt: I think you judge your mother too harshly. Do you not like your new father? Lord Bullingdon: Not very much. He seems to me little more than a common opportunist. I don't think he loves my mother at all, and it hurts me to see her make such a fool of herself.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ [Barry is masquerading as a British lieutenant in Prussia after having defected from the British army] German Girl: It must be very danger for you, to be in the war. Redmond Barry: I'm an officer and I must do my duty.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Lady Lyndon: Lord Bullingdon, have you lost your tongue?

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: Lady Lyndon was soon destined to occupy a place in Barry's life, not very much more important than the elegant carpets and pictures which would form the pleasant background of his existence.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: First love! What a change it makes in a lad. What a magnificent secret it is that he carries about with him! The tender passion gushes instinctively out of a man's heart. He loves as a bird sings or a rose blows from nature.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Redmond Barry: It is an honor to meet you, Your Majesty. I knew Sir Charles Lyndon before his passing. King George III: We were very fond of Sir Charles Lyndon.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Barry's Mother: Reverend Runt, I need not tell you that the recent tragedy to this family has made the services of a tutor no longer required at Castle Hackton. And as we are in some considerable difficulty about money, I'm afraid I must ask you, with the greatest reluctance, to resign your post. Rev. Samuel Runt: Madam, I'm sensible of your predicament, and you need have no concern about my wages, with which I can willingly do without, but it is out of the question for me to consider leaving Her Ladyship in her present state. Barry's Mother: I'm very sorry to say this to you, but I truly believe you are largely responsible for the state of mind she is in, and the sooner you leave, the better she will be. Rev. Samuel Runt: Madam, with the greatest respect, I take my instructions only from Her Ladyship. Barry's Mother: Reverend Runt, Her Ladyship is in no fit mind to give instructions to anyone. My son has charged me with managing the affairs at Castle Hackton until he recovers from his grief and resumes his interest in worldly matters. And while I am in charge, you will take your instructions from me. My only concern is for Lady Lyndon. Rev. Samuel Runt: Madam! Your only concern is for Her Ladyship's signature! You and your son have almost succeeded in destroying a fine family fortune! And what little remains for you depends on keeping Her Ladyship prisoner in her own house! Barry's Mother: Reverend Runt! This matter bears no further discussion! You will pack your bags and leave by tomorrow morning!

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Narrator: Barry was clever enough at gaining a fortune, but much less capable of keeping one. For the qualities and energies which lead a man to achieve the first are, too often, the very cause of his ruin in the latter case.

§Barry Lyndon ¤ Lord Gustavus Adolphus Wendover: Lord Wendover, Your Majesty. King George III: I'm glad to see you here today, Lord Wendover. And tell me, what news of Lady Wendover? Lord Gustavus Adolphus Wendover: Thank you, Your Majesty. Lady Wendover is much better. King George III: Good,Good! Present my compliments to her. Say we miss her company here. Lord Gustavus Adolphus Wendover: Thank you, Your Majesty. King George III: And what of those excellent boys of yours? Lord Gustavus Adolphus Wendover: Oh, they're well. Charles has gone to sea under the protection of Captain Geary on the Ramillies. John has gone to Oxford to be taught how to preach and pray. King George III: Good, Good!

§Gone Girl ¤ [last lines] Nick Dunne: What are you thinking? How are you feeling? What have we done to each other? What will we do?

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: We're so cute. I wanna punch us in the face.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: You fucking cunt! Amy Dunne: I'm the cunt you married. The only time you liked yourself was when you were trying to be someone this cunt might like. I'm not a quitter, I'm that cunt. I killed for you; who else can say that? You think you'd be happy with a nice Midwestern girl? No way, baby! I'm it. Nick Dunne: Fuck. You're delusional. I mean, you're insane, why would you even want this? Yes, I loved you and then all we did was resent each other, try to control each other. We caused each other pain. Amy Dunne: That's marriage.

§Gone Girl ¤ Margo Dunne: Everyone knows that 'complicated' is a code word for bitch.

§Gone Girl ¤ [first lines] Nick Dunne: When I think of my wife, I always think of the back of her head. I picture cracking her lovely skull, unspooling her brain, trying to get answers. The primal questions of a marriage: What are you thinking? How are you feeling? What have we done to each other? What will we do?

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: I'm so much happier now that I'm dead. Technically missing. Soon to be presumed dead. Gone. And my lazy lying shitting oblivious husband will go to prison for my murder. Nick Dunne took my pride and my dignity and my hope and my money. He took and took from me until I no longer existed. That's murder. Let the punishment fit the crime. To fake a convincing murder you have to have discipline. You befriend a local idiot. Harvest the details of her hundrum life and cram her with stories about your husband's violent temper. Secretly create some money troubles: credit cards, perhaps online gambling. With the help of the unwitting, bump up your life insurance. Purchase getaway car. Craigslist. Generic. Cheap. Pay cash. You need to package yourself so that people will truly mourn your loss. And America loves pregnant women. As if it's so hard to spread your legs. You know what's hard? Faking a pregnancy. First, drain your toilet. Invite pregnant idiot into your home and ply her with lemonade. Steal pregnant idiot's urine. Voilà! A pregnany is now part of your legal medical record. Happy Aniversary. Wait for your clueless husband to start his day. Off he goes... and the clock is ticking. Meticulously stage your crime scene with just enough mistakes to raise the specter of doubt. You need to bleed. A lot. A lot, a lot. The head wound kind of bleed. A crime scene kind of bleed. You need to clean; poorly, like he would. Clean and bleed, bleed and clean. And leave a Little something behind: a fire in July? And because you're you, you don't stop there. You need a diary. Mínimum three hundred entries on the Nick and Amy story. Start with the fairy-tale early days: those are true, and they're crucial. You want Nick and Amy to be likable. After that, you invent. The spending, the abuse, the fear, the threat of violence. And Nick thought he was the writer... burn it, just the right amount. Make sure the cops will find it. Finally, honor tradition with a very special treasure hunt. And if I get everything right, the world will hate Nick for killing his beautiful, pregnant wife. And after all the outrage, when I'm ready, I'll go out on the water with a handful of pills and a pocket full of stones. And when they find my body, they'll know: Nick Dunne dumped his beloved like garbage, and she floated past all the other abused, unwanted, inconvenient women. Then Nick will die too. Nick and Amy will be gone, but then we never really existed. Nick loved a girl I was pretending to be. "Cool girl". Men always use that, don't they? As their defining compliment: "She's a cool girl". Cool girl is hot. Cool girl is game. Cool girl is fun. Cool girl never gets angry at her man. She only smiles in a chagrined, loving manner. And then presents her mouth for fucking. She likes what he likes, so evidently he's a vinyl hipster who loves fetish Manga. If he likes girls gone wild, she's a mall babe who talks for football and endures buffalo wings at Hooters. When I met Nick Dunne I knew he wanted "Cool girl". And for him, I'll admit: I was willing to try. I wax-strippe my pussy raw. I drank canned beer watching Adam Sandler movies. I ate cold pizza and remained a size two. I blew him, semi-regularly. I lived in the moment. I was fucking game. I can't say I didn't enjoy some of it. Nick teased out in me things I didn't know existed. A lightness, a humor, an ease. But I made him smarter. Sharper. I inspired him to rise to my level. I forged the man of my dreams. We were happy pretending to be other people. We were the happiest couple we knew. And what's the point of being together if you're not the happiest? But Nick got lazy. He became someone I did not agree to marry. He actually expected me to love him unconditionally. Then he dragged me, penniless, to the navel of this great country and found himself a newer, younger, bouncier cool girl. You think I'd let him destroy me and end up happier than ever? No fucking way. He doesn't get to win. My cute, charming, salt-of-the-earth Missouri guy. He needed to learn. Grown-ups work for things. Grown-ups pay. Grown-ups suffer consequences.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: I've killed for you. Who else can say that?

§Gone Girl ¤ Tanner Bolt: I swear, you two are the most fucked up people I've ever known and I specialize in fucked up.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: When two people love each other and they can't make that work, that's the real tragedy.

§Gone Girl ¤ Margo Dunne: [discussing what kind of wood item Nick is going to give to Amy for their 5th wedding anniversary, the "wood" anniversary] So what are you going to give her? Nick Dunne: I don't know, there's nothing good for wood. Margo Dunne: I know what you can do. You go home and fuck her brains out. Then you take your penis and smack her in the face with it, and you say, "There's some wood, bitch!"

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: Amazing fucking Amy is getting fucking married!

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: What's the laptop for? Nick Dunne: Laptopping!

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: Nick dunne took my pride and my dignity and my hope and my money. He took and took from me until I no longer existed. That's murder.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: [to Amy] You. Fucking. Bitch.

§Gone Girl ¤ Officer Jim Gilpin: You ever hear the expression the simplest answer is often the correct one? Detective Rhonda Boney: Actually, I have never found that to be true.

§Gone Girl ¤ Margo Dunne: Whoever took her is bound to bring her back.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: Go, you're my voice of reason. I need you with me on this. Margo Dunne: Of course I'm with you. I was with you before we were even born.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: I will practice believing my husband loves me but I could be wrong.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: Your parents literally plagiarized your childhood? Amy Dunne: No, they improved upon it, and then peddled it to the masses.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: [after seeing positive pregnancy test] I didn't touch you! Amy Dunne: You didn't need to. Nick Dunne: Bullshit! That notice of disposal, I have that. You threw it out. Amy Dunne: The notice? Yes. [rubs stomach] Nick Dunne: I want a blood test! I want a paternity test! Amy Dunne: I love tests.

§Gone Girl ¤ Tanner Bolt: Whatever they found, I think it's safe to assume that it is very bad.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: Want to test your marriage for weak spots? Add one recession, subtract two jobs. It's surprisingly effective.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: You fucking cunt! Amy Dunne: I'm the cunt you married! The only time you liked yourself was when you were trying to be someone this cunt might like. I'm not a quitter... I'm that cunt.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: Come home, Amy. I dare you.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: I'm so much happier now that I'm dead.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: The girl with the giant cum-on-me tits.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: Life. I don't remember the point.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: [in her diary] I will practice believing my husband loves me, and will love this baby. That this child might really save our marriage. But I could be wrong. Because sometimes, the way he looks at me, I think, man of my dreams, father of my child, this man of mine may kill me. He may truly kill me.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: You think you'd be happy with a nice Midwestern girl? No way, baby! I'm it.

§Gone Girl ¤ Margo Dunne: Boo hoo, I got laid off. Guess I'll fuck a teenager.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: Do you really want to be the couple that has a baby to save their marriage?

§Gone Girl ¤ Ellen Abbott: I so appreciate you giving us this time, Nick. Nick Dunne: You went on national television and told people that I murdered my wife. Ellen Abbott: Well, I go where the story goes. Nick Dunne: You implied that I had carnal relations with my sister. Ellen Abbott: I didn't use the "I" word. I said you two were extremely close. Nick Dunne: You had a pile of nitwits diagnose me as a sociopath. Ellen Abbott: Icebreaker. Ellen Abbott: [shows him a robot cat toy] To go with your robot dog. Nick Dunne: I'll go find Amy.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: [writes a diary entry in February 14, 2012] For Valentine's Day, I thought I'd buy a gun.

§Gone Girl ¤ Margo Dunne: [after seeing how Nick cheated on his wife] You fucking idiot...!

§Gone Girl ¤ Tanner Bolt: I will drill you as if you were doing a deposition. What to say, what not to say. Margo Dunne: A trained monkey? Tanner Bolt: A monkey who doesn't get the lethal injection.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: I hope you don't mind me coming by, I got your address from this letter you wrote to my wife. Desi Collings: Amy and I believe in the lost art of letter writing. Nick Dunne: I always wondered why you kept in touch, after everything. You were together for two years in boarding school, right? Desi Collings: She was my first serious girlfriend. Nick Dunne: Why did you break up? Desi Collings: That's a strange question. Nick Dunne: Did you treat her bad? Did you cheat on her? Desi Collings: That's a RUDE question. Nick Dunne: Let me tell you what Amy told me. She dumped you, you completely unravelled. You stalked her, you threatened her, you attempted suicide in her bed and were institutionalised. Desi Collings: Your wife is missing, and you came all this way to tell me this? Nick Dunne: Well I thought there might be another side to this story. [Desi closes the door]

§Gone Girl ¤ Desi Collings: Octopus and Scrabble?

§Gone Girl ¤ Marybeth Elliott: [Walking around North Carthage with Nick] My God, this place literally smells like feces.

§Gone Girl ¤ Sharon Schieber: Nick Dunne. You're probably the most hated man in America right now. Did you kill your wife, Nick?

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: When I think of my wife, I always think of her head. The shape of it, to begin with.

§Gone Girl ¤ Detective Rhonda Boney: Well, we have our first clue. [holds an envelope that reads Clue One]

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: All I'm trying to do is being nice to the people who are volunteering to help find Amy.

§Gone Girl ¤ Amy Dunne: [V.O] What scared me wasn't that he'd pushed me. What scared me was how much he wanted to hurt me more. What scared me was that I'd finally realized... I am frightened of my own husband.

§Gone Girl ¤ Nick Dunne: You know, we have a pretty serious homeless problem in our neighborhood. You maybe could should check that out. Officer Jim Gilpin: We'll look into that.

§The Gold Rush ¤ Title Card: Blissful ignorance.

§The Gold Rush ¤ Georgia: You see, I'm very particular who I dance with.

§The Gold Rush ¤ Reporter: Gee! This will make a wonderful story.

§The Gold Rush ¤ The Lone Prospector: Don't forget the bacon.

§The Gold Rush ¤ Title Card: Three days from anywhere. A Lone Prospector.

§The Gold Rush ¤ [last lines] Photographer: Hold! Still! [Lone Prospector and Georgia kiss] Photographer: Oh! You've spoilt the picture.

§The Gold Rush ¤ Jack Cameron: [to Georgia] How's the little spitfire?

§The Gold Rush ¤ Georgia: I guess you're lonesome here. The Lone Prospector: Yes Mam. Georgia: Why don't you invite us to dinner sometime? The Lone Prospector: Oo! Yes Mam.

§The Gold Rush ¤ Georgia, Georgia's Friend #1, Georgia's Friend #2, Georgia's Friend #3: [Lone Prospector's daydream] Speech! Speech! The Lone Prospector: I'm so h-h-happy - Oh, I can't - - But I'll dance the Oceana Roll. [proceeds with the Oceana Roll dance] Georgia: He's wonderful!

§The Gold Rush ¤ The Lone Prospector: Have you seen Georgia? Where's Georgia? Where's Georgia?

§The Gold Rush ¤ Big Jim McKay: [to the manicurist] No, no, not the nails - the corns.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Desmond Doss: Maybe I am prideful... but I don't know how I'm going to live with myself if I don't stay true to what I believe... much less how you could live with me. I'd never be the man that I wanna be in YOUR eyes.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ [repeated line] Desmond Doss: One more. Help me get one more.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Company B Soldier: [quoting Herodotos] In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Prosecutor: There is only one question that any military court need ask of the accused: Do you deny disobeying Col. Sangston's direct orders? Judge: Well, do you, Private? Desmond Doss: No, sir, I don't. Judge: Why are you contesting it, then? Why is it so important to you, given your refusal to even touch a weapon, to serve in a combat unit? Desmond Doss: Because when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, I took it personal. Everyone I knew was on fire to join up, including me. There were two men in my hometown declared 4-F unfit; they killed themselves 'cause they couldn't serve. Why, I had a job in a defense plant. I could've taken a deferment, but that ain't right. It isn't right that other men should fight and die that I would just be sitting at home safe. I need to serve. I got the energy and the passion to serve as a medic, right in the middle with the other guys. No less danger, just... while everybody else is taking life, I'm gonna be saving it. With the world so set on tearing itself apart, it doesn't seem like such a bad thing to me to wanna put a little bit of it back together.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Captain Glover: All I saw was a skinny kid. I didn't know who you were. You've done more than any other man coulda done in the service of his country. Now, I've never been more wrong about someone in my life, and I hope one day you can forgive me.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Captain Glover: Most of these men don't believe the same way you do, but they believe so much in how much you believe.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Smitty Ryker: After what we've just been through... any sane man would be screaming for a weapon. Desmond Doss: Well, I never claimed to be sane. [smiles]

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ [first lines] Desmond Doss: Have you not heard? The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the Earth. He will not grow tired or weary, and His understanding no one can fathom. He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. Even youths grow tired and weary, and young men stumble and fall, but those who hope in the Lord will renew their strength. They will soar on wings like eagles. They will run and not grow weary. They will walk and not be faint.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: I believe any man who takes great *pride* in his natural naked state will surely enjoy the *brisk* of the outdoors. Now, move your *privates*, Private Parts!... Move it!... You son of an *exhibitionist*!

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: I have seen stalks of corn with better physiques. Makes me want to pull an *ear* off, Private! Can you carry your weight? Desmond Doss: Yes, Sergeant! Sgt Howell: Should be *easy* for you then! Corporal! Corporal Jessop: Sergeant. Sgt Howell: Make sure you keep this man away from strong winds.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Desmond Doss: [looking at Hollywood's face wound] It looks much worse than it is. Girls will still wanna kiss ya.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Judge: Private Doss, you are free to run into the hellfire of battle without a single weapon to protect yourself.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: Have you ever roped a goat, Hollywood? Hollywood Zane: No, Sarge. Sgt Howell: Have you ever looked into a goat's eyes? Hollywood Zane: No, Sarge. Sgt Howell: Good. That would be unnatural.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Desmond Doss: Please Lord, help me get one more. Help me get one more.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Dorothy Schutte: [with back to Desmond] Grab a seat. You ever given blood before? Desmond Doss: Yes, ma'am, I have. Dorothy Schutte: [turns to see Desmond] You're the belt man. Desmond Doss: Desmond, yes, ma'am. Dorothy Schutte: Well, Desmond, we can't take your blood two days in a row. Desmond Doss: That's good. I came to get mine back. Dorothy Schutte: You what? Desmond Doss: My blood, I need it back. Dorothy Schutte: [laughing] Well, it don't work like that. We can't just give it back to you. Desmond Doss: Well you got to. Ever since you stuck me with that needle, my heart's been beatin' real fast. Every time I think about you, beats faster still. Dorothy Schutte: [laughing] I never heard that one before. It's pretty corny. Desmond Doss: It is? That's a shame. I done practiced that all night. No good? Dorothy Schutte: I didn't say that.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Desmond Doss: [quoting Sgt. Howell's words back to him] "You're tying a bowline, boy, not building a bra."

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Tom Doss: [as Hal and Desmond fight] Why stop 'em? Saves me whipping 'em both. This way, I just whip the one that wins.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Desmond Doss: You want some morphine? Sgt Howell: Hell, yes. That or a bullet.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Tom Doss: Artie got hit in the back. It blew most of his guts and intestines out his front, offal everywhere. Wrecked his uniform entirely. It was lucky he was dead, so he never knew how awful his uniform looked.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Stretcher Bearer: Some nut's up there dragging wounded from the top. Even lowered a couple of Japs.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: You are a very strange-looking individual, if you don't mind me saying so, Private. Name? Ghoul: Andy Walker. Sgt Howell: How long have you been dead, son? Ghoul: Sir? Sgt Howell: I am not "Sir!" I am Sergeant Howell or Sarge. "Sir" you save for useless people. The name is "Ghoul," you say? Ghoul: Walker, Sergeant! Sgt Howell: Ghoul it is. Ghoul: Yes, Sergeant!

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Tom Doss: Is that truly the way it works, sir? You fight for your country, you lose so much that was dear to you, and then you're done with? The uniform's forgotten? You have no voice?

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Smitty Ryker: You ain't gonna to eat them? Desmond Doss: I don't eat meat. Help yourself. Smitty Ryker: Of course you don't.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Desmond Doss: I done everything they asked me, except this one thing, and I'm being treated like a criminal just 'cause I won't kill.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: [if you] Plan on getting wet this weekend, make sure you put on a hat. Corporal Jessop: Next! Sgt Howell: I don't want anyone comin' back pissin' cream. Smitty Ryker: What, you don't want none for your coffee, Sarge?

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Smitty Ryker: [referring to a picture of Dorothy] That's one heck of a dame. You know you're fightin' out of your weight class with her, don't you? Desmond Doss: [chuckles] Yes, I do. Don't tell her that. Smitty Ryker: She'd be much happier with a man like me anyway. Desmond Doss: Yeah, until she got to know you. [laughs] Smitty Ryker: [laughs] Ah, I'm an asshole sometimes. Desmond Doss: Sometimes? [both laugh]

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Dorothy Schutte: Yes, you can. It's just pride. Pride and stubbornness. Don't confuse your will with the Lord's.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ [Sgt. Howell arrives at the barracks the night after Doss had been beaten by his fellow recruits] Sgt Howell: As you were. Where's Doss? [everyone turns to the back of the barracks where Doss - visibly beaten - has just finished his shower; Sgt, Howell is disturbed by the sight and breathes a sigh of melancholy] Sgt Howell: [sympathetic] This isn't good for anybody. Desmond Doss: Sure ain't what I joined up for. Sgt Howell: It's not about what you signed up for. It's about the lives of every man in here... and yours, son. It's time you quit this. Finish gettin' dressed and I'll walk you down. It's okay, Doss. There's no shame in this. Let's go. Desmond Doss: I got extra guard duty today, and I'm on KP this morning, so... can't. Sgt Howell: [nods impressed with his character] All right, Doss. [shifts to professional tone] Sgt Howell: Private Doss, can you identify the men that beat you? Desmond Doss: No, Sarge. Sgt Howell: Are you saying that you don't know who attacked you? Desmond Doss: I never said I was attacked, Sarge. Sgt Howell: Well, what the hell are you sayin', Doss? You bruised half your body sleepin'? Desmond Doss: I... I sleep pretty hard. Sgt Howell: [Doss has finally won him over] All right.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Young Desmond: [about Tom] Why does he hate us so much? Bertha Doss: Oh, he-he don't hate us. He hates himself... sometimes.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Smitty Ryker: [to Doss about his upbringing while in foxhole] I learned how to hate quick. I learned how to judge people quicker -- and I got you very wrong. [Desmond smiles and nods in appreciation]

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Captain Glover: He throws God at you, you throw hell right at him.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Captain Glover: You don't win wars by giving up your life.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: [referring to the knife impaled into the top of Smitty's foot] Who placed the knife there, Private? Smitty Ryker: It was an accident, Sarge. We was playin' Stretch. Sgt Howell: I'm heartened by the knowledge you did not place it there with intention.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: This is a personal gift from the United States government to each and every one of you -- a standard issue U.S. rifle, caliber .30, M1, a clip-fed, shoulder-fired, semi-automatic weapon designed to bring death and destruction to the enemy. This is to be your lover, your mistress, your concubine, perhaps the only thing in life you'll ever truly love. Corporal Jessop: Fellas, let's dance. Grab a girl. [the privates begin grabbing weapons] Sgt Howell: Don't point your gun forward. I do not want to be shot today, no matter how much you are tempted. Place the weapon by your side. Pay attention. [one rifle remains in the rack; Doss is the only one who has not picked one up] Sgt Howell: Problem, Private Corn Stalk? Is there not one in your size, or is it the color that is the issue? Desmond Doss: No, Sarge. I was... I was told I don't have to carry a weapon. Sgt Howell: Come again? Step forward, Private. I can't be hearin' this right. Desmond Doss: Well, I'm sorry, Sergeant. I can't touch a gun. Captain Glover: [new scene in Captain Glover's office] What exactly is the problem? Desmond Doss: No problem, just a mistake, sir. I-I... I told the Army when I s... when I joined up... Captain Glover: That's not possible. Do you know why it's not possible, Private? Desmond Doss: No, sir. Captain Glover: 'Cause the United States Army does not make mistakes; so, if there's a problem, you must be that problem. Desmond Doss: I was just never supposed to be sent to a rifle company. Sgt Howell: He's a C.O., sir. Captain Glover: You're a conscientious objector, and you joined the Army? Desmond Doss: Well, no, sir, I'm... I'm a conscientious cooperator. Captain Glover: [bemused] Are you screwin' with me, Doss? Desmond Doss: No. No, sir. I volunteered. I ain't got no... no problem with wearing my uniform or salutin' the flag and-and doing my duty. It's just... just carrying a gun and the taking of human life. Captain Glover: You don't kill. That's all? Desmond Doss: Yes, sir, that's all. Captain Glover: You know, quite a bit of killing does occur in a war? Desmond Doss: Yes, sir. Captain Glover: I mean, that is the essential nature of war. Desmond Doss: Yes, sir. Captain Glover: All right. You have any other requirements of the United States Army? Is there anything else that we can do to ensure that you have a comfortable stay here with us? Sgt Howell: He doesn't wanna... work on Saturdays, sir. Desmond Doss: Well, Saturdays... I'm a Seventh-Day Adventist, so... Saturday is MY Sabbath, so I'm not allowed to work then. Captain Glover: I don't think that poses a problem, do you, Sergeant? We shall simply ask the enemy not to invade on the Sabbath, 'cause Private Doss here's at prayer. All right. And now we got that clear. Now let me tell you my requirements. They're not as complicated as yours. They're very simple. As long as you're in this company, under my command, you will obey my orders. Period. If you can't do it here, I can't trust you to do it in battle. I'm putting you in for a Section 8, psychiatric discharge. Dismissed.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Tom Doss: It won't be hard, it'll be impossible. You know whatever beliefs you have in your crazy head now, they won't ever play out. It don't work that way. And if by some, I don't know, miracle chance you survive, you won't be giving no thanks to God.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: Gentlemen! I want you to meet Private Desmond Doss. Apparently, Private Doss does not believe in violence. He does not practice violence. He will not even deign to touch a weapon. You see, Private Doss is a conscientious objector, so I plead with you -- do not look to him to save you on the battlefield, because he will undoubtedly be too busy wrestling with his conscience to assist. Desmond Doss: Sarge, that's not true. Sarge... Sgt Howell: PRIVATE, AS YOU WERE! Now, I realize some of you might have strong feelings about this. It is what we men fight for -- to defend our rights, and to protect our women and children, even if Private Doss' beliefs might cause women and children to die -- so, I will expect everyone in this company to give Private Doss the full measure of respect he is DUE for the short time he will be with us. Am I clear?

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ [the real Desmond Doss, his brother Hal, and Captain Glover are interviewed during the credits] Desmond T. Doss: I was prayin' the whole time. I just kept praying, "Lord, please he'p me get one more." When I got this, I said, "Lord, please he'p me get one more." Harold (Hal) Doss: I would say anyone is wrong to try to compromise somebody's conviction. I don't care whether it's army or what it is. When you own a conviction, that is not a joke. That's what you are. Captain Jack Glover: Even though I said those things to him in regard to carrying a rifle, then... then he would never be by... by my damn side at all unless he had a rifle, but then, um, in the long run, finding out that he was one of the bravest persons alive, and then to have him end up saving my life was the irony of the whole thing. Desmond T. Doss: Blood had run down into the fella's face and eyes. He was laying there just agroaning and callin' for a medic. I took water from my canteen, got some bandage, and I washed his face, and when that blood was washed from his eyes, his eyes came open. Man, he just lit up. He says, "I thought I was blind" -- and if I hadn't got anything more out of the war than that smile he gave me, I'd have been well repaid.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Tom Doss: Sir, I know the law, and I know my son is protected by those laws. They're framed in our constitution -- and I believe in them, as he does. They're why I went and fought, to protect them. Least, that is what I THOUGHT I was doing, because if it wasn't for that, then I have no idea what the hell I was doing there, sir.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Desmond Doss: [at the movies] What's the difference between an artery and a vein? Dorothy Schutte: [smiling] What are you talkin' about? Desmond Doss: The... the boy's accident. Dorothy Schutte: Ateries spurt blood. Desmond Doss: And veins? Dorothy Schutte: Bleed. I think you need to practice your boy/girl datin' talk at home before you come out. Desmond Doss: Yeah, I probably do.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: Okay, boys, find yourself a nice, safe hole in or near the bunker. Rotate watch every two hours. We don't know what's out there. Heads down, asses lower, and shoot anything that don't speak English. Soldier: That include Grease, Sarge? Sgt Howell: Particularly him.

§Hacksaw Ridge ¤ Sgt Howell: Move! A sitting duck's a dead one!

§In the Name of the Father ¤ [Speaking to people outside the court] Gerry Conlon: I'm an innocent man. I spent 15 years in prison for something I didn't do. I watched my father die in a British prison for something he didn't do. And this government still says he's guilty. I want to tell them that until my father is proved innocent, until all the people involved in this case are proved innocent, until the guilty ones are brought to justice, I will fight on. In the name of my father and of the truth!

§In the Name of the Father ¤ [after his case is dismissed, and the guards try to escort him out] Gerry Conlon: I'm a free man, and I'm going out the front door.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Gerry Conlon: When can I go back to Belfast? Detective: Next time you'll see Belfast, they'll be flying day trips to the moon. Gerry Conlon: I always wanted to be an astronaut.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Gerry Conlon: What I remember most about my childhood is holding your hand. My wee hand in your big hand, and the smell of tobacco. I remember, I could smell the tobacco in the palm of your hand. When I want to feel happy, I try to remember the smell of tobacco. Giuseppe Conlon: Hold my hand.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Gareth Peirce: It's not the stairs that are killing your father. Gerry Conlon: Aye, what is it then? Gareth Peirce: It's your lack of faith. Gerry Conlon: Lack of faith? Faith in what? Gareth Peirce: In yourself. Gerry Conlon: No. I have faith in myself. Gerry Conlon. Lifer. 30-year sentence. And I know how to survive it, no problem. Gareth Peirce: At what price? Gerry Conlon: I'll pay the fuckin' price, don't you worry about it. Gareth Peirce: The price for what? Gerry Conlon: Aye. You're very good at the English, aren't you? You see, I don't understand your language. "Justice." "Mercy." "Clemency." I literally don't understand what those words mean. I'd like to put in an application to get all my teeth extracted. That way I could put my fist in my mouth and never speak another word of fuckin' English so long as I live. Do you see what I'm saying... Mrs. Peirce is it? Gareth Peirce: Are you trying to impress me?

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Gerry Conlon: Was I always bad, was I? Giuseppe Conlon: Not always. Gerry Conlon: I don't deserve to spend the rest of my life in here do I? Giuseppe Conlon: All they done was block out the light. [points to his head] Giuseppe Conlon: They can't block out the light in here.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ [On the alibi for Gerry Conlon and Paul Hill] Appeal Prosecutor: My Lord, this is new evidence. Appeal Judge: It is shocking new evidence. Appeal Prosecutor: My lord, this evidence was not submitted at the trial that is under appeal. Appeal Judge: That, I believe, is the point that Mrs Pierce is trying to make. Proceed, Mrs Pierce.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ [after hearing of his father's death] Gareth Peirce: [With tears in her eyes] Well, I think they ought to take the word 'compassion' out of the English dictionary.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Giuseppe Conlon: I'm going to die. Gerry Conlon: Don't be saying that. Giuseppe Conlon: I'm scared. Gerry Conlon: There's no reason to be scared. You have nothing to be scared about. Giuseppe Conlon: Don't you be comforting me when I can see the truth staring me in the face. I'm scared I'm gonna die here. Gerry Conlon: You're not dying alright? Giuseppe Conlon: Can I not say a thing without you contradicting me? I'm scared to leave your mother behind. Gerry Conlon: Look, you are not going to die alright? If you do, sure I can look after Ma alright. Giuseppe Conlon: You think I'd leave Sara in your care? Gerry Conlon: What do you mean? Giuseppe Conlon: You haven't the maturity to take care of yourself, let alone your mother.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Giuseppe Conlon: I want you have some respect. Gerry Conlon: Respect for who? Giuseppe Conlon: For yourself.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ [Gerry looks at their "Map of the British Empire" jigsaw puzzle] Gerry Conlon: Where's all the missing pieces? Prisoner: We eat it up, man. Before my woman sent it in here, right, she have it dipped in liquid acid. LSD, man. We've been dropping the British Empire for the last six months! You want to fly, pick a country. [Gerry is astonished] Gerry Conlon: Fuck sake, don't give me Northern Ireland. I don't want a bad trip. Prisoner: Try Nepal, man. Take you to the Himalayas.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Gerry Conlon: I'll be older than you when I get out of this place. If I get out. Are you listening to me? Giuseppe Conlon: I'm not talking to you. Gerry Conlon: Now who's being childish? Giuseppe Conlon: I've not heard a sensible word out of you in two weeks. That stuff will kill you. [talking about drugs] Gerry Conlon: Sure I'm dead anyway. Look I'm sorry. I'll not take it again as long as you live. Are you happy now? Giuseppe Conlon: No. Gerry Conlon: Why not? Giuseppe Conlon: I don't want you to take it whether I live or die. Gerry Conlon: Oh, give me strength. Ok, I'll do nothing to annoy you in your grave. Now are you happy? Giuseppe Conlon: Is that a promise? Gerry Conlon: Ay, maybe.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Gerry Conlon: That was a good day's work, McAndrew. A good day's work. Joe McAndrew: Get away from me. Gerry Conlon: You're not looking me in the eye when you're speaking to me. You see, I know how to look at people without blinking as well. In all my god-forsaken life I have never known what it was like to want to kill somebody until now. You're a brave man, Joe. A brave man.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Carole Richardson: [seeing the sausages in Gerry's luggage] They have a dead pig in here! Gerry Conlon: Just some sausages. [everyone in the commune look disgusted] Deptford Jim: We're all vegetarians here. Gerry Conlon: I've vegetarian. We're both vegetarian. I was just takin' them sausages to me Auntie Annie's. I have to be around there now. I'll be back in a few minutes. [later Gerry and Paul are eating the sausages in Aunt Annie's home] Gerry Conlon: [holding up a sausage] Pinky. Paul Hill: [holding up his] ... and Perky.

§In the Name of the Father ¤ Ann Conlon: Daddy, Daddy! The IRA has our Gerry!

§Memories of Murder ¤ [last lines] Detective Park Doo-Man: Did you see his face? [Girl Nods] Detective Park Doo-Man: What did he look like? Schoolgirl: Well... kind of plain. Detective Park Doo-Man: In what way? Schoolgirl: Just... ordinary

§Memories of Murder ¤ Rape suspect: But... is wanking a crime?

§Memories of Murder ¤ Detective Cho Yong-koo: I only beat you up because I care about you.

§Memories of Murder ¤ Detective Park Doo-Man: Once this dries, the stain will form the shape of the murderer's face.

§Memories of Murder ¤ Man in Morgue: There's something in the vagina... Looks like a peach... Nine pieces. Detective Park Doo-Man: Do you see this kind of thing in Seoul often?

§Memories of Murder ¤ Detective Park Doo-Man: There's a reason people say I have a shaman's eyes.

§Memories of Murder ¤ Detective Park Doo-Man: What kind of detective sleeps well?

§Memories of Murder ¤ [repeated line] Detective Seo Tae-yoon: The documents never lie.

§Memories of Murder ¤ Detective Park Doo-Man: Do you get up each morning too?

§Memories of Murder ¤ Park Hyeon-gyu: What? [Detective Seo kicks Hyeon-gyu and drags him to the train tracks] Detective Seo Tae-yoon: Get up, you bastard! You fucker! Get up, you fucker! Are you human? [Detective Seo knocks Hyeon-gyu to the ground and takes out a gun] Detective Seo Tae-yoon: Nobody will care if I kill you. Tell me! Tell me you killed them! Tell me! You killed all those women! [Detective Seo kicks Hyeon-gyu on the ground] Park Hyeon-gyu: Yeah. I killed them. I killed them all. That's what you want to hear, right? Right? You feel better? [Detective Park comes running as Hyeon-gyu knocks detective Seo's gun away] Detective Park Doo-Man: Inspector Seo! The papers from America! Read them! Detective Park Doo-Man: [to Hyeon-gyu] You asshole! You fucker! Detective Seo Tae-yoon: You mocked us, didn't you! You bastard! You mocked us! [Detective Seo reads the report and looks shocked] Detective Park Doo-Man: What's wrong? Detective Seo Tae-yoon: There's a mistake. This document is a lie. I don't need it. Detective Park Doo-Man: What does it say, huh? [Detective Park reads the report and picks Hyeon-gyu from the ground] Detective Park Doo-Man: It really wasn't you? Look in my eyes. Look in my eyes! Fuck, I don't know. Do you get up each morning too? Go! Just go, fucker! Park Hyeon-gyu: Bastard. [a train separates the two parties. As Hyeon-gyu is running away, detective Seo shoots at him but misses] Detective Park Doo-Man: That's enough.

§Memories of Murder ¤ Detective Park Doo-Man: Chief, I may know nothing else, but my eyes can read people. That's how I survive as a detective, and why people say I have shaman's eyes.

§Memories of Murder ¤ Detective Park Doo-Man: Fuck, I don't know.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Charlie: Look, kid, I - how much you weigh, son? When you weighed one hundred and sixty-eight pounds you were beautiful. You coulda been another Billy Conn, and that skunk we got you for a manager, he brought you along too fast. Terry: It wasn't him, Charley, it was you. Remember that night in the Garden you came down to my dressing room and you said, "Kid, this ain't your night. We're going for the price on Wilson." You remember that? "This ain't your night"! My night! I coulda taken Wilson apart! So what happens? He gets the title shot outdoors on the ballpark and what do I get? A one-way ticket to Palooka-ville! You was my brother, Charley, you shoulda looked out for me a little bit. You shoulda taken care of me just a little bit so I wouldn't have to take them dives for the short-end money. Charlie: Oh I had some bets down for you. You saw some money. Terry: You don't understand. I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I coulda been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am, let's face it. It was you, Charley.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: Hey, you wanna hear my philosophy of life? Do it to him before he does it to you.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: You think you're God Almighty, but you know what you are? You're a cheap, lousy, dirty, stinkin' mug! And I'm glad what I done to you, ya hear that? I'm glad what I done!

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: Conscience... that stuff can drive you nuts!

§On the Waterfront ¤ Father Barry: Some people think the Crucifixion only took place on Calvary. They better wise up! Taking Joey Doyle's life to stop him from testifying is a crucifixion. And dropping a sling on Kayo Dugan because he was ready to spill his guts tomorrow, that's a crucifixion. And every time the Mob puts the pressure on a good man, tries to stop him from doing his duty as a citizen, it's a crucifixion. And anybody who sits around and lets it happen, keeps silent about something he knows that happened, shares the guilt of it just as much as the Roman soldier who pierced the flesh of our Lord to see if he was dead.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Edie: Isn't everybody a part of everybody else? Terry: Boy, what a fruitcake you are!

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: If I spill, my life ain't worth a nickel. Father Barry: And how much is your soul worth if you don't?

§On the Waterfront ¤ Edie: I want you to stay away from me. Terry: Edie, you love me... I want you to say it to me. Edie: I didn't say I didn't love you. I said, "Stay away from me."

§On the Waterfront ¤ Edie: I've never met anyone like you. There's not a spark of sentiment or romance or human kindness in your whole body. Terry: What good does it do you but get you in trouble?

§On the Waterfront ¤ Edie: Which side are you with? Terry: Me? I'm with me, Terry.

§On the Waterfront ¤ [after being badly beaten by Johnny Friendly and his goons] Terry: Get me on my feet. [Father Barry and Edie help Terry stand up] Father Barry: How're you doing? Terry: Am I on my feet?

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: You know this city's full of hawks? That's a fact. They hang around on the top of the big hotels. And they spot a pigeon in the park. Right down on him.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Father Barry: You want to know what's wrong with our waterfront? It's the love of a lousy buck. It's making love of a buck - -the cushy job - -more important than the love of man!

§On the Waterfront ¤ Edie: What kind of saint hides in a church?

§On the Waterfront ¤ Charlie: You're getting on. You're pushing 30. You know, it's time to think about getting some ambition. Terry: I always figured I'd live a bit longer without it.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Edie: But Pop, I've seen things that I know are so wrong. Now how can I go back to school and keep my mind on... on things that are just in books, that-that-that aren't people living?

§On the Waterfront ¤ Father Barry: Boys, this is my church! And if you don't think Christ is down here on the waterfront you've got another guess coming!

§On the Waterfront ¤ [last lines] Johnny: Where you guys going? Wait a minute! I'll remember this! I'll remember every one of you! I'll be back! Don't you forget that! I'll be back!

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: You know, I seen you a lot of times before. Remember parochial school out on Paluski Street? Seven, eight years ago. Your hair, you had your hair uh... Edie: Braids. Terry: Looked like a hunk of rope. And you had wires on your teeth and glasses and everything. You was really a mess.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Big Mac: The only arithmetic he ever got was hearing the referee count up to ten.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Father Barry: You'd better get rid of that gun, unless you haven't got the guts, and if you don't, you'd better hang on to it!

§On the Waterfront ¤ Father Barry: Isn't it simple as one, two, three? One: The working conditions are bad. Two: They're bad because the mob does the hiring. And three: The only way we can break the mob is to stop letting them get away with murder.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Father Barry: Some people think the Crucifixion only took place on Calvary. Well, they better wise up!

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: Quite a nose, huh? Some people just have a face that sticks in your mind.

§On the Waterfront ¤ [Terry returns to Johnny Friendly's bar after setting up Joey Doyle] Charlie: So, how'd it go? Terry: He up on the roof. Charlie: The "pigeon"? Terry: Uh, yeah, it worked.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: Yeah his racket, everybody's got a racket.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Terry: You know you're not too funny today, fat man.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Kid: [crying] A pigeon for a pigeon!

§On the Waterfront ¤ [first lines] Johnny: [to Terry] You take it from here, Slugger.

§On the Waterfront ¤ Truck: He was a canary! Tillio: He could sing but he couldn't fly! [laughs]

§On the Waterfront ¤ [repeated line] Truck: Definitely.

§The General ¤ Johnnie Gray: [to the recruiter who rejects him] If you lose this war don't blame me.

§The General ¤ [last lines] Confederate Recruiter: [after Johnnie has brought back The General] Occupation? Johnnie Gray: Soldier!

§The General ¤ Title: There were two loves in his life: his engine and... [cut to his sweetheart's photograph]

§The General ¤ [first lines] Her Brother: Fort Sumter has been fired upon. Her Father: Then the war is here. Her Brother: Yes, Dad, and I'm going to be one of the first to enlist.

§The General ¤ Annabelle Lee: Did Johnnie enlist? Her Brother: He didn't even get in line. Her Father: He's a disgrace to the South.

§The General ¤ Title: After a nice, quiet, refreshing night's rest.

§The General ¤ [first title card] Title: The Western and Atlantic Flyer speeding into Marietta, Ga., in the Spring of 1861.

§The General ¤ [last title card] Title: Heroes of the day.

§The General ¤ Annabelle Lee: Aren't you going to enlist?

§The General ¤ Annabelle Lee: Why didn't you enlist? Johnnie Gray: They wouldn't take me. Annabelle Lee: Please don't lie - I don't want you to speak to me again until you are in uniform.

§The General ¤ Johnnie Gray: Three men stole my General. I think they are deserters.

§The General ¤ Captain Anderson: This girl was in the baggage car when we stole the train, so I thought it best to hold her.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Stanley, see this? This is this. This ain't something else. This is this. From now on, you're on your own.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: A deer has to be taken with one shot. I try to tell people that but they don't listen.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Nick: I'm thinking about the deer. Going to 'Nam. I like the trees, you know? I like the way that the trees are on mountains, all the different... the way the trees are.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Nick: I don't think about that much with one shot anymore, Mike. Michael: You have to think about one shot. One shot is what it's all about. A deer's gotta be taken with one shot.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Julien: When a man says no to champagne, he says no to life.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ VC guard: MAU! MAU! DIDI MAU!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Stan: Alright you guys, whoever took my boots, I want them back. Axel: I got a boot for you, Stan, right up your ass! Stan: Hey Mike, lemme borrow your spears, eh? Michael: No, Stan. Stan: No? What do you mean no? Michael: Just what I said, no. No means no. Stan: Some fuckin' friend. You're some fuckin' friend, you know that? Michael: You gotta learn, Stanley. Every time you come up here, you got your goddamn head up your ass. Axel: Maybe he likes the view from up there. [John and Axel laugh]

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: We gotta play with more bullets. Nick: What? Michael: More bullets... [gunshot] Michael: I gotta get more bullets in the gun. Nick: What? Michael: We gotta play with more bullets. Nick: More bullets in the gun? Michael: More bullets in the gun. Nick: How many more bullets? Michael: Three. That means we gotta play each other. Nick: More bullets against each other? Michael: We gotta do it! Nick: What? Are you crazy? Nick: Nicky, it's the only way. I'll pick the moment. The game goes until I move. When I start shootin', go for the nearest guard, get his gun, and zap the fucker! Nick: I'm not ready for this! Michael: You gotta listen to me... You wanna stay down here and die? Go on. It's up to you. Now it's up to you. Nick: NOOOOOOOO! Michael: Hey! Him against me! Side by side! Side by side! Nick: Get away! Get away! Michael: Side by side! Me and him! Me against him!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Nick: I sound like some asshole, right? Michael: I tell you, Nick, you're the only guy I go hunting with, you know. I like a guy with quick moves and speed. I ain't gonna hunt with no assholes. Nick: Well, who's an asshole? Michael: Who's an asshole? Who do you think is an asshole? They're all a bunch of assholes. I mean, I love 'em, they're great guys, but, you know, without you, I hunt alone. Seriously, that's what I'd do. Nick: You're a f*ckin' nut! You know that, Mike? You're a maniac. A control freak. Michael: I just don't like no surprises.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: [after he sights the deer but points the rifle upward and fires so that the deer just looks at him] Okay? Okay?

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Sh*t! I must be outta my f*ckin' mind! I must be outta my mind. Everything's going so fast. Man, oh man. Hey, Nick, do you think we'll ever come back? Nick: From 'Nam? Michael: Yeah. Nick: You know something, the whole thing, it's right here. I love this f*ckin' place. I know that sounds crazy. If anything happens, Mike, don't leave, don't leave me over there. You got, you gotta, hey, just don't leave me. You gotta promise me that, Mike. No, man, you gotta, you gotta promise, definitely. Michael: Hey, Nick, you got it, man.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Every time he comes up, he's got no knife, he's got no jacket, he's got no pants, he's got no boots. All he's got is that stupid gun he carries around like John Wayne.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ [last lines] Michael: Here's to Nick. Steven: [whispering] To Nick. [All]: To Nick.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: You wanna play games? All right, I'll play your fucking games.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: You okay? Linda: Did you ever think life would turn out like this? Michael: No.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Army Doctor: Chevotarevich, is that a Russian name? Nick: No, it's an American name.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Come on, Nicky, come home. Just come home. Home! Talk to me. You just talk to me. Nicky. Nicky.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Axel: You're so full of shit, you're gonna float away.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: I'll tell ya one thing, if I find out my life had to end up being in the mountains, it'd be all right, but it has to be in your mind. Nick: What? One shot? Michael: Two is pussy.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: What kind of beer would you like? Linda: What? I don't know. I don't care. Any kind. Michael: I'll get you a Rolling Rock. Linda: Okay. Michael: It's a good beer, it's the best around.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: I feel a lot of distance, and I feel far away.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Nick: You trying to look like a prince? Michael: What do you mean, "trying?"

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Axel: Lemme ask you a question: how come I never see you eat? Nick: I like to starve myself. It keeps the fear up.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Stan: Where the hell's my boots? Anybody seen my boots? Somebody took my boots. I bought 'em special. All right. All right, you guys. Whoever took my boots, I want 'em back. Axel: I got a boot for you, Stan, right up your ass. [jokingly throws a kick near his rear to which he responds by playfully pointing his gun at him] Axel: Hey, Mike. Hey, Mike, let me borrow your spares, huh? Your extra pair? Michael: No, Stan. Stan: [taken aback] No? What do you mean, "No?" Michael: Just what I said. No. "No" means no. Stan: [getting upset] Some fuckin' friend. You're some fuckin' friend, you know that? Michael: You gotta learn, Stanley. Every time you come up here, you got your goddamn head up your ass. Axel: Maybe he likes the view from up there, huh? [the group laughs at him] Michael: Every time he comes up, he's got no knife, he's got no jacket, he's got no pants, he's got no boots. All he's got is that stupid gun he carries around like John Wayne. That ain't gonna help ya. Axel: Oh, what the hell, Mike. Give him the boots. Michael: No way. I ain't giving him no boots no more. No more. That's it. Stan: You're a fuckin' bastard, you know that? Huh? Michael: [holds up a live round] Stanley, see this? This is this. This ain't somethin' else. This is *this.* From now on, you're on your own. Stan: [appalled, angry] I fixed you up a million times! [to the group] Stan: I fixed him up a million times! I don't know how many times I must have fixed him up with girls! And nothin' ever happens! Zero! Hey, you know your trouble, Mike? Huh? Nobody ever knows what the fuck you're talking about. Huh? "This is this!" What the hell is that supposed to mean? "This is this!" I mean, is that some faggot-sounding bullshit or is that some faggot-sounding bullshit? Nick: Shut up, Stan, will ya? [Stan shoves him] Nick: Hey, man, you're outta line. Michael: Watch out with that gun, Stan. [more strictly] Michael: Watch out with the gun. Stan: [yelling] There's times - do you know what I think? There's times I swear I think you're a fuckin' faggot! John: Hey! Come on, you guys! [Michael smirks in amusement] Stan: Last week - last week, he could've had that new redheaded waitress down at the Bowladrome. He could've had it knocked and look what he did. Look what he fuckin' did. Nothin', that's what. John: Shut up, Stan. Huh? Would ya SHUT UP? Just shut up. Just take - take Michael's goddamn boots and SHUT UP! [takes the laced boots and places them on Stan's shoulder] John: Otherwise, I'm goin' home! Michael: [Stan starts to walk away with Mike's boots] Hey, Stosh. [Stan turns to look at him] Michael: I said, "No." Stan: What, are you gonna shoot me? Huh? Here... [opens a gap in his shirt to make a target for him, Mike just stands there staring at him; knowing this will go nowhere, Stan takes the boots and throws them aggressively at Mike, walking away] Nick: [walks over, picks up the boots, says to Mike:] What's the matter with you? [walks over to Stan] Nick: Stan. [gives him back the boots] Axel: [Mike puts the live round into his rifle, takes aim and vents his anger by firing it out into the woods, then looks at the group to see their bewildered reactions]

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Linda: Mikey, you're so - weird. [laughs] Linda: You're always such a gentleman.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Nicky! Nicky! Nicky! Nicky! Nicky! Nicky! Nick! Nicky! Nicky! No! Nick! Nooooo! Nooo! No! Nicky! Nicky!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Holy shit, you know what those are? Those are sun dogs. It means a blessing on the hunter sent by the Great Wolf to his children. It's an old Indian thing.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Stan: What do you think of her, Michael? Michael: I don't know. Stan: No, come on. On the level. On the level. Michael: I don't know. Stan: Is she, is she beautiful? Is she beautiful? Is she? Michael: Truth? Stan: Yeah! Michael: No. Michael: Well, do you think she's intelligent? Stan: No. Michael: Neither do I!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Nick: Did you hear about the happy Roman? Man in Locker Room: Yeah. Nick: He was "glad he ate her."

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Stan: How does it feel to be shot? Michael: Don't hurt. That's what you wanna know. And how it's been? Doing OK? Stan: Yeah, same thing. Nothing's changed. I'm getting more ass than a toilet seat, and Axel here, he's getting fatter than ever.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Stan: There's sometimes I think that I swear you're a fucking faggot.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Bandleader: Angela and Steven, if you don't spill a drop, it's good luck for the rest of your life. [Steven and Angela drink from conjoined goblets, and a few drops spill on Angela]

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Put an empty chamber in that gun!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Nicky, do you remember the trees? Remember all the different ways of the trees? Remember that? Remember? Huh? The mountains? Do you remember all that? Nick: One shot? Michael: One shot! One shot. Nick: [Smiles] Yeah.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Steven: You get a deer? Michael: Nah, man. Steven: C'maaan! You didn't get a DEE-E-EAH?

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Angela: It's such a gray day.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Bar Girl: Okay, what you like to call me now? What you like to call me? Nick: Linda.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Bingo Caller: I-sweet 16, I-18, then you become a man. Let's go, men. G-60 and those boys who can't help themselves, please, buddy, help them too. Oh, will you dance with me? G-47, but I'm still satisfied with what I've got. That wonderful life I've lived. Think it over, buddy boys, and I'll give you O-61.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Steven: Where is a guy like Nick gettin' money like this? Michael: I don't know. Cards maybe. Listen, Steven, I'm gonna take you home. Steven: [Resisting] Aw, sh*t, Mike, you promised me. Come on. I don't fit. Look! Hey! Michael: I'm gonna take you home. Steven: Man, look, you promised me man. I don't fit! Mike, I'll - hey. I'm sorry. You do as your heart tells you.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Hilary Brown, Herself: This seems to be the last chapter in the history of American involvement in Vietnam. Its also been the largest single movement of people in the history of America itself. Hilary Brown, ABC News, aboard the attack aircraft carrier, USS Hancock, in the South China Sea.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Angela: [Last lines] It's been such a gray day. John: [Humming] Mm-Mm-Mm-Mm-Mm-Mm [singing] John: Stand beside her and guide her. La-la-dee da-da-da... Angela: [singing] God bless America, land that I love. Angela, John, Linda, Axel, Michael, Stan, Steven: Stand beside her and guide her / Through the night with a light from above. / From the mountains, to the prairies / To the oceans white with foam. / God bless America, my home sweet home. / God bless America, my home sweet home. Michael: Here's to Nick! Steven: To Nick! Angela, John, Linda, Axel, Michael, Stan, Steven: To Nick!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Angela, I heard Steven was alive. Where is he? Where's Steven? Where is he? Just tell me where he is. Angela, where is Steve? Just tell me where he is. Where is he? Where is he? Please? You've got to tell me. Now, where is he? Do you know? Where is he?

§The Deer Hunter ¤ [first lines] Michael: Hey, watch out, Axel. We'll be calling him old fireballs after tonight. Axel: Fuckin' A. Michael: Not bad.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Nick: You got the wrong guy, ace!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Linda: Mike, why don't we go to bed? Can't we just comfort each other? Michael: No, I can't. Not here. I gotta get outta here. I'm sorry. I just gotta get out. I'll be... I-I don't know, I feel a lot of distance and I feel far away. I'll see you later.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Michael: Hey, Stosh. I said no.

§The Deer Hunter ¤ John: [sees what Axel's dipping his Twinkie in] It's mustard! Mustard!

§The Deer Hunter ¤ Steven's Mother: [lamenting the wedding to the priest] Marrying a strange girl, and not that thin, if you know what I mean.

§Wild Tales ¤ Mauricio: [to his own son] I gave you the best education and you always did whatever you wanted. Now, go screw yourself.

§Wild Tales ¤ Moza: Good evening, a table for one? Cuenca: I see you're good at math.

§Wild Tales ¤ Abogada Victoria: What the judge won't take into account is the violence that you are using with your wife... Simón: WHAT VIOLENCE?

§Wild Tales ¤ Romina: Shoot this, Néstor.

§Wild Tales ¤ Simón: Do you know you're a criminal? Empleado Playón (segment "Bombita"): I'm doing my job. Simón: People who work for criminals are criminals too. Empleado Playón (segment "Bombita"): Right. That's your opinion. Simón: Just a miserable slave to this corrupt system.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ McAllister: "Show me the heart unfettered by foolish dreams and I'll show you a happy man." John Keating: "But only in their dreams can men be truly free. 'Twas always thus, and always thus will be." McAllister: Tennyson? John Keating: No, Keating.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: There's a time for daring and there's a time for caution, and a wise man understands which is called for.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: We don't read and write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for. To quote from Whitman, "O me! O life!... of the questions of these recurring; of the endless trains of the faithless... of cities filled with the foolish; what good amid these, O me, O life?" Answer. That you are here - that life exists, and identity; that the powerful play goes on and you may contribute a verse. That the powerful play *goes on* and you may contribute a verse. What will your verse be?

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: [quoting Henry David Thoreau] "I went to the woods because I wanted to live deliberately. I wanted to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life." Charlie Dalton: I'll second that. Neil Perry: "To put to rout all that was not life; and not, when I had come to die, discover that I had not lived."

§Dead Poets Society ¤ [last lines] Todd Anderson: [stands up on his desk] O Captain! My Captain! Mr. Nolan: Sit down, Mr. Anderson! Do you hear me? Sit down! Sit down! This is your final warning, Anderson. How dare you? Do you hear me? Knox Overstreet: [climbs up onto his desk] O Captain! My Captain! Mr. Nolan: Mr. Overstreet, I warn you! Sit down! [Pitts climbs onto his desk, followed by Meeks, then over half the class, one by one] Mr. Nolan: Sit down! Sit down. All of you. I want you seated. Sit down. Leave, Mr. Keating. All of you, down. I want you seated. Do you hear me? Sit down! John Keating: Thank you, boys. Thank you.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Boys, you must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all. Thoreau said, "Most men lead lives of quiet desperation." Don't be resigned to that. Break out!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Close your eyes, close your eyes! Close 'em! Now, describe what you see. Todd Anderson: Uh, I-I close my eyes. John Keating: Yes. Todd Anderson: Uh, and this image floats beside me. John Keating: A sweaty-toothed madman. Todd Anderson: A sweaty-toothed madman with a stare that pounds my brain. John Keating: Oh, that's *excellent*! Now, give him action - make him do something! Todd Anderson: H-His hands reach out and choke me. John Keating: That's it! Wonderful, wonderful! Todd Anderson: And all the time he's mumbling. John Keating: What's he mumbling? Todd Anderson: Mumbling truth. John Keating: Yeah, yes. Todd Anderson: Truth like-like a blanket that always leaves your feet cold. John Keating: [some of the class start to laugh] Forget them, forget them! Stay with the blanket. Tell me about that blanket! Todd Anderson: Y-Y-You push it, stretch it, it'll never be enough. You kick at it, beat it, it'll never cover any of us. From the moment we enter crying t-to the moment we leave dying, it'll just cover your face as you wail and cry and scream. [long pause then class applauds] John Keating: Don't you forget this.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: [finds Todd sitting alone on the roof] Hey! Todd Anderson: Hey. Neil Perry: What's going on? Todd Anderson: Nothin'. Today's my birthday. Neil Perry: Is today your birthday? Happy birthday! Todd Anderson: Thanks. Neil Perry: What'd you get? Todd Anderson: [indicating the desk set lying beside him] My parents gave me this. Neil Perry: Isn't this the same desk set... Todd Anderson: Yeah. Yeah, they gave me the same thing as last year. Neil Perry: Oh. Todd Anderson: Oh. Neil Perry: Maybe they thought you needed another one. Todd Anderson: Maybe they weren't thinking about anything at all. The funny thing about this is, I-I didn't even like it the first time. Neil Perry: Todd, I think you're underestimating the value of this desk set. [picks it up] Neil Perry: I mean, who would want a football or a baseball or... Todd Anderson: Or a car. Neil Perry: Or a car, if they could have a desk set as wonderful as this one? I mean, if-if I were ever going to buy a desk set, twice, I would probably buy this one. Both times! In fact, its shape is... it's rather aerodynamic, isn't it? [walks to the edge of the roof] Neil Perry: You can feel it. This desk set wants to fly! [hands it to Todd] Neil Perry: Todd? The world's first unmanned flying desk set. [Todd throws it off the roof - papers fly everywhere and things crash and clatter to the ground] Neil Perry: Oh my! Well, I wouldn't worry. You'll get another one next year.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: They're not that different from you, are they? Same haircuts. Full of hormones, just like you. Invincible, just like you feel. The world is their oyster. They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you. Their eyes are full of hope, just like you. Did they wait until it was too late to make from their lives even one iota of what they were capable? Because you see, gentlemen, these boys are now fertilizing daffodils. But if you listen real close, you can hear them whisper their legacy to you. Go on, lean in. Listen. You hear it?... Carpe... Hear it?... Carpe. Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Sucking the marrow out of life doesn't mean choking on the bone.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: [the class hesitates to rip out the introduction page] It's not the Bible, you're not gonna go to Hell for this.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: So what are you going to do? Charlie? Charlie Dalton: Dammit, Neil, the name is Nuwanda.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ [Keating stands on his desk] John Keating: Why do I stand up here? Anybody? Charlie Dalton: To feel taller! John Keating: No! [dings a bell with his foot] John Keating: Thank you for playing, Mr. Dalton. I stand upon my desk to remind myself that we must constantly look at things in a different way.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: For the first time in my whole life, I know what I wanna do! And for the first time, I'm gonna do it! Whether my father wants me to or not! Carpe diem!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Now we all have a great need for acceptance, but you must trust that your beliefs are unique, your own, even though others may think them odd or unpopular, even though the herd may go, [imitating a goat] John Keating: "that's baaaaad." Robert Frost said, "Two roads diverged in the wood and I, I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference."

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: This is a battle, a war, and the casualties could be your hearts and souls.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Charlie Dalton: I'm exercising the right not to walk.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Phone call from God. If it had been collect, that would have been daring!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: O Captain, my Captain. Who knows where that comes from? Anybody? Not a clue? It's from a poem by Walt Whitman about Mr. Abraham Lincoln. Now in this class you can either call me Mr. Keating, or if you're slightly more daring, O Captain my Captain.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Charlie Dalton: [answering phone] Welton Academy, hello. Yes, he is. Just a moment. Mr. Nolan, it's for you. It's God. He says we should have girls at Welton.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: I just talked to my father. He's making me quit the play at Henley Hall. Acting's everything to me. I- But he doesn't know! He- I can see his point; we're not a rich family, like Charlie's. We- But he's planning the rest of my life for me, and I- He's never asked me what I want! John Keating: Have you ever told your father what you just told me? About your passion for acting? You ever showed him that? Neil Perry: I can't. John Keating: Why not? Neil Perry: I can't talk to him this way. John Keating: Then you're acting for him, too. You're playing the part of the dutiful son. Now, I know this sounds impossible, but you have to talk to him. You have to show him who you are, what your heart is! Neil Perry: I know what he'll say! He'll tell me that acting's a whim and I should forget it. They're counting on me; he'll just tell me to put it out of my mind for my own good. John Keating: You are not an indentured servant! It's not a whim for you, you prove it to him by your conviction and your passion! You show that to him, and if he still doesn't believe you - well, by then, you'll be out of school and can do anything you want. Neil Perry: No. What about the play? The show's tomorrow night! John Keating: Then you have to talk to him before tomorrow night. Neil Perry: Isn't there an easier way? John Keating: No. Neil Perry: [laughs] I'm trapped! John Keating: No, you're not.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Hopkins: [reading his poem] "The cat sat on the mat". John Keating: Congratulations, Mr. Hopkins. You have the first poem to ever have a negative score on the Pritchard scale.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Dalton: Gentlemen, what are the Four Pillars? Dalton, Meeks, Neil, Knox, Todd Anderson: Travesty. Horror. Decadence. Excrement.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: I SOUND MY BARBARIC YAWP OVER THE ROOFTOPS OF THE WORLD.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: We're not laughing at you. We're laughing near you.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Mr. Nolan: Free thinkers at 17?

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Carpe diem, seize the day. Gather ye rosebuds while ye may.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Steven Meeks: I'll try anything once. Charlie Dalton: Except sex.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: I always thought the idea of education was to learn to think for yourself. Mr. Nolan: At these boys' age? Not on your life!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ [after hearing "The Introduction to Poetry"] John Keating: Excrement! That's what I think of Mr. J. Evans Pritchard! We're not laying pipe! We're talking about poetry. How can you describe poetry like American Bandstand? "I like Byron, I give him a 42 but I can't dance to it!"

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: I was good. I was really good.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ [Neil's father has just driven him home from his performance in "A Midsummer Night's Dream."] Mr. Perry: We're trying very hard to understand why it is that you insist on defying us. Whatever the reason, we're not gonna let you ruin your life. Tomorrow I'm withdrawing you from Welton and enrolling you in Braighton Military School. You're going to Harvard, and you're gonna be a doctor. Neil Perry: But, that's ten more years! Father, that's a *lifetime*! Mr. Perry: Oh, stop it! Don't be so dramatic! You make it sound like a prison term! You don't understand, Neil! You have opportunities that I never even dreamt of, and I am not going to let you waste them! Neil Perry: I've got to tell you what I feel! Mrs. Perry: We've been so worried about you! Mr. Perry: *What*? What? Tell me what you feel! What is it? Is it more of this, this *acting* business? Because you can forget that! What? Neil Perry: [pauses] Nothing. Mr. Perry: [pauses] Nothing? Well, then, let's go to bed.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: If I don't ask him, at least I won't be disobeying him.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ [the students are climbing onto Keating's desk to see a new perspective] John Keating: Now, don't just walk off the edge like lemmings! Look around you!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Mr. Meeks, time to inherit the earth.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: I was the intellectual equivalent of a 98-pound weakling! I would go to the beach and people would kick copies of Byron in my face!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Gerard Pitts: Too bad. Knox Overstreet: It's worse than "too bad," Pittsie. It's a tragedy. A girl this beautiful in love with such a jerk. Gerard Pitts: All the good ones go for jerks. You know that.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Language was developed for one endeavor, and that is... Mr. Anderson? Come on, are you a man or an amoeba? [Todd stays silent] John Keating: Mr. Perry? Neil Perry: To communicate. John Keating: No! To woo women!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Mr. Pitts, would you open your hymnal to page 542 and read the first stanza of the poem you find there. Gerard Pitts: "To the Virgins to Make Much of Time"? John Keating: Yes, that's the one. Somewhat appropriate, isn't it?

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Knox Overstreet: The point, Charlie... is... that she was thinking about me. I've only met her once, and already she's thinking about me.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ [about joining the DPS] Charlie Dalton: It'll help you get Chris! Knox Overstreet: Yeah? How? Charlie Dalton: Women swoon! [Dalton rushes off to class] Knox Overstreet: But why do they swoon? [runs after Dalton] Knox Overstreet: Charlie, tell me why they swoon!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ John Keating: Mr. Anderson! Don't think that I don't know that this assignment scares the hell out of you, you mole!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Todd Anderson: [talking about people listening to him] The point is, that there's nothing you can do about it. So you can just butt out. I can take care of myself just fine. All right? [long pause] Neil Perry: No. Todd Anderson: What do you mean 'no'? Neil Perry: [grinning] No!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Dr. Hagar: That wouldn't be a radio in your lap, would it, Mr. Pitts? Gerard Pitts: No, sir, science experiment... Radar!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Neil Perry: [talking angrily to Todd] You're in the club! Being in the club means being stirred up by things! You look about as stirred up as a cesspool!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Todd Anderson: Mr. Keating! They made everybody sign it. Mr. Nolan: Quiet, Mr. Anderson. Todd Anderson: You gotta believe me. It's true. John Keating: I do believe you, Todd. Mr. Nolan: Leave, Mr. Keating. Todd Anderson: But it wasn't his fault! Mr. Nolan: Sit down, Mr. Anderson! One more outburst from you or anyone else, and you're out of this school! Leave, Mr. Keating.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Richard Cameron: Hey Neal, business as usual, huh? I heard you got the new kid. He looks like a stiff! [laughs a little and when Todd, the new kid, appears, he gets embarrassed] Richard Cameron: Oops!

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Steven Meeks: Me and Pitts are working on a hi-fi system. It shouldn't be that hard to, uh, to put together. Gerard Pitts: Yeah... Uh, I might be going to Yale... Uh, but I might not.

§Dead Poets Society ¤ Knox Overstreet: Chris, you can't be in here. If they catch you, we're both gonna be in big trouble. Chris Noel: Oh, but it's fine... Knox Overstreet: Shh, sh, Chris... Chris Noel: Oh, but it's fine for you to come barging into my school and make a complete fool out of me? Knox Overstreet: I didn't mean to make a fool out of you. Chris Noel: Well, you did; Chet found out, and it took everything I could do to keep him from coming out here and killing you. Knox, you have got to stop this stuff! Knox Overstreet: I can't, Chris; I love you. Chris Noel: Knox, you say that over and over; you don't - you don't even know me! John Keating: [offscreen] Will you be joining us, Mr. Overstreet? Knox Overstreet: Go ahead, Captain, I'll walk. Chris Noel: Knox, Knox, it just so happens that I could care less about you. Knox Overstreet: Then you wouldn't be here warning me about Chet. Chris Noel: I have to go; I'll be late for the play. Knox Overstreet: Are you going with him? Chris Noel: [giggles] Chet, to a play? Are you kidding? Knox Overstreet: Then come with me. Chris Noel: Knox, you are so infuriating! Knox Overstreet: Come on, Chris, just give me one chance. If you don't like me after tonight, I'll stay away forever. Chris Noel: Uh huh. Knox Overstreet: I promise: Dead Poets' Honor. You come with me tonight, and then, if you don't want to see me again, I swear, I'll bow out. Chris Noel: You know what would happen if Chet found out? Knox Overstreet: He won't know anything. We'll sit in the back and sneak away as soon as it's over. Chris Noel: And I suppose you would promise that this would be the end of it... Knox Overstreet: Dead Poets' Honor. Chris Noel: What is that? Knox Overstreet: My word.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Dr. Evald Borg: It's absurd to bring children into this world and think they'll be better off than we were. Marianne Borg: That's just an excuse. Dr. Evald Borg: Call it what you want. I was an unwanted child in a hellish marriage.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Marianne Borg: I know that this is wrong. Dr. Evald Borg: There's neither right nor wrong. We act according to our needs.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Marianne Borg: I saw you with your mother, and I was panic-stricken. Professor Isak Borg: I don't understand. Marianne Borg: I thought: That's his mother. An old woman, cold as ice, more forbidding than death. And this is her son, and there are light years between them. He himself says he's a living corpse. And Evald is growing just as lonely, cold and dead. And I thought of the baby inside me. All along the line, there's nothing but cold and death and loneliness. It must end somewhere.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Marianne Borg: You're a coward. Dr. Evald Borg: Yes. This life sickens me. I will not be forced to take on a responsibility that will make me live for one day longer than I want to. And you know that I mean what I say.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Viktor: [to his friend who wants to become a priest] When your were little you belived in Santa Claus, now you belive in God.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: If I have been feeling worried or sad during the day, I have a habit of recalling scenes from childhood to calm me. So it was this evening.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Marianne Borg: Sleep well? Professor Isak Borg: Yes, but recently I've had the weirdest dreams, as if I must tell myself something I won't listen to when I'm awake. Marianne Borg: What's that? Professor Isak Borg: That I'm dead. Although I'm alive.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: [First lines] In our relations with other people, we mainly discuss and evaluate their character and behavior. That is why I have withdrawn from nearly all so-called relations. This has made my old age rather lonely. My life has been full of hard work and I am grateful. It began as toil for bread and butter and ended in a love of science.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Sara: Good-bye, father Isak. Can't you see you're the one I love? Today, tomorrow and forever Isak Borg: I'll keep that in mind

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Cousin Sara: [During one of Professor Borg's dreams] As professor emeritus, you ought to know why it hurts. But you don't know. You know so much, and you don't know anything.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Marianne Borg: All along the line, there's nothing but cold and death and loneliness

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: [In Professor Borg's dream] And the punishment? The Examiner: I don't know. The usual, I suppose. Professor Isak Borg: The usual? The Examiner: Loneliness. Professor Isak Borg: Loneliness? The Examiner: Precisely. Professor Isak Borg: Is there no mercy?

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Teacher in dream: Would you please diagnose this patient, professor Borg? Isak Borg: But, this patient is dead. [the patient bursts into laughter]

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Isak Borg: [under his breath, while preparing for his journey] Honorary Doctor! They might as well appoint me Honorary Idiot.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Anders: Ah, when creation shows so much beauty, how radiant must be the source! Hitch Hiking Sara: [to the Professor and Marianne] He is going to be a minister and Anders a doctor. Viktor: Reciting poetry is against our agreement not to discuss God or science on the trip. Hitch Hiking Sara: It was beautiful. Viktor: How can anyone today study to become a minister! Anders: Your rationalism is as dry as dust. Viktor: I say that modern man... Anders: I say that... Viktor: Believes in only himself and his biological death. Anders: Modern man is a figment of your imagination. Man regards death with horror. Viktor: Religion for the people. Opium for the aching limb. Hitch Hiking Sara: How *sweet* they both are! I always believe with the one I spoke to last.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: The place where wild strawberries grow! [Inner voice] Professor Isak Borg: Perhaps I got a little sentimental. Perhaps I got tired and felt a bit sad. It's not impossible that I began to think of this and that, associated with places where I played as a child. I don't know how it happened, but the day's clear reality dissolved into the even clearer images of memory that appeared before my eyes with the strength of a true stream of events.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: I like you, Marianne. Marianne Borg: I like you too, uncle Isak.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: Give me a cigar, anytime. That's stimulating and relaxing. That's a vice for men. Marianne Borg: And what vices may a woman have? Professor Isak Borg: Weeping, giving birth and speaking ill of her neighbors.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Sten Alman: Me and my wife are dependent on each other. It is out of selfish reasons we haven't beaten each other to death a long time ago.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Hitch Hiking Sara: I can't think of anything worse than growing old.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: I dozed off, but was haunted by vivid and humiliating dreams. There was something overpowering in these dream images that bored relentlessly into my mind.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ The Examiner: [In Professor Borg's dream] You have been accused of guilt. Professor Isak Borg: Accused of guilt? The Examiner: I'll make a note that you haven't understood the charge. Professor Isak Borg: Is it serious? The Examiner: Unfortunately, Professor.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: [In Professor Borg's dream] What are you writing in my book? The Examiner: My verdict. Professor Isak Borg: And that is? The Examiner: That you are incompetent. Professor Isak Borg: Incompetent? The Examiner: You are also accused of some minor but still serious offenses. Callousness, selfishness, ruthlessness. Your wife has made the charge.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Hitch Hiking Sara: [a man studing to be a minister and another studying science return from a fight] Well, does God exist?

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: We're not married, Miss Agda. Agda: I thank God for that every night. I've used my common sense for 74 years, and it won't let me down now. Professor Isak Borg: Is that your last word? Agda: Yes. But I shall say plenty to myself about selfish, crabby old men who never think of those who have served them faithfully for 40 years. Professor Isak Borg: Incredible that I have put up with your bossing for so long.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ The Examiner: [In Professor Borg's dream] Please read this text. Professor Isak Borg: Inke tan magrov stak farsin los kret fajne kaserte mjotron presete. The Examiner: What does it mean? Professor Isak Borg: I don't know. The Examiner: Really? Professor Isak Borg: I'm a doctor, not a linguist. The Examiner: What you see on the blackboard is a doctor's first duty. Don't you know what that is? Professor Isak Borg: Let me think. The Examiner: Take your time. Professor Isak Borg: A doctor's first duty - A doctor's - I've forgotten. The Examiner: A doctor's first duty is to ask for forgiveness.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: Miss Agda, as we have known each other for so many years, don't you think we could call each other Agda and Isak? Agda: No, I don't. Professor Isak Borg: Why not? Agda: Have you brushed your teeth, Professor? No intimacies for me, thank you. It's all right between us as it is. Professor Isak Borg: But we are old now. Agda: Speak for yourself. A woman is jealous of her reputation. What would people think if we suddenly began to say Agda and Isak? They would make fun of us. Professor Isak Borg: Are you always right? Agda: Almost always. At our age we should know how to behave. Good night, Professor. I'll leave the door ajar. You know where I am if you need anything.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: I have liked having you about the house. Marianne Borg: Like a cat. Professor Isak Borg: A cat, or a human being.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Cousin Sara: [to Sigfrid, after he's kissed her] I'm so sad! You've hurt me so! You've made a bad woman of me. At any rate, *nearly*. I never want to see you again, at least not before brunch.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: My name is Isak Borg and I am 78. Tomorrow I shall receive an honorary degree in Lund Cathedral.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: In the early hours of June 1st, I had a weird and very unpleasant dream. I dreamt that during my morning walk I lost my way among empty streets with ruined houses.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: I lived here once. Two hundred years ago. Hitch Hiking Sara: Oh, yeah? Professor Isak Borg: Is that your car up at the gate? Hitch Hiking Sara: Yes, that's my car. Professor Isak Borg: Looks antique. Hitch Hiking Sara: Yes, it's antique, like its owner. Hitch Hiking Sara: So you have self-irony too. That's fantastic.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Hitch Hiking Sara: My name's Sara. Silly name, isn't it? Professor Isak Borg: My name's Isak. It's silly too. Hitch Hiking Sara: Weren't they married? Professor Isak Borg: No, unfortunately. That was Abraham and Sara.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Hitch Hiking Sara: I'd better tell you I'm a virgin. That's why I'm so cheeky. And I smoke a pipe.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Mrs. Alman: Just look at him measuring his strength with the youngsters, straining his flabby muscles to show off in front of that cute girl.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: And how's your father these days? Henrik Åkerman: Oh, Dad's getting a bit decrepit. But Mom's as lively as a cricket.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: Why should you pay for my gasoline? Henrik Åkerman: There are things that *can't* be paid back... Eva Åkerman: We haven't forgotten Henrik Åkerman: Ask anyone around here. They all remember your kindness. Professor Isak Borg: Maybe I should have stayed around here.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Mrs. Borg, Isak's Mother: Sigbritt's eldest boy will soon be 50. I thought of giving him Father's gold watch. It has no hands. Does that matter?

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Mrs. Borg, Isak's Mother: I remember when Sigbritt's boy was a newborn. He used to lie in the lilac arbor at the summer house. Now he's turning 50. And little cousin Sara used to carry him around and sing to him. She married Sigfrid, that good-for-nothing.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Mrs. Borg, Isak's Mother: Well, you must go now, or you'll be late for the ceremony. I am very glad you came, and I hope to see you again.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: Which one do you like best? Hitch Hiking Sara: I don't know. Anders is going to be a minister - He's a darling. [sighs] Hitch Hiking Sara: But, a minister's wife - Viktor's nice too. In a different way. Viktor will go far, of course. Professor Isak Borg: What do you mean? Hitch Hiking Sara: A doctor earns more money. And ministers are out of date. Though he has got nice legs and a sweet neck. But how *can* anyone believe in God?

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: If I have been worried or sad during the day, it often calms me to recall childhood memories.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Cousin Sara: [Last lines] Isak, there are no wild strawberries left. Auntie wants you to look for your Papa. We'll sail around and meet you at the other side of the island. Professor Isak Borg: I can't find either Papa or Mama. Cousin Sara: Come, I'll help you.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Cousin Sara: Have you looked in the mirror, Isak? Then I'll show you what you look like. [She holds up a mirror] Cousin Sara: You're a worried old man who's soon going to die, but I have all my life before me. That hurt your feelings, after all. Professor Isak Borg: No, it didn't hurt. Cousin Sara: Yes, it hurt because you can't bear the truth. The truth is that I've been too considerate. And so became unintentionally cruel. Professor Isak Borg: I... understand. Cousin Sara: No, you don't understand. We don't speak the same language. Look in the mirror again. No, don't turn away. Professor Isak Borg: I see.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Mrs. Alman: Darling, you might have a stroke. Sten Alman: My wife likes ridiculing me. I let her. It's psychotherapy.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: Old sourpuss.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Professor Isak Borg: There should be a law forbidding women to smoke.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Sigfrid Borg: Good morning, sweet cousin. What are you doing? Cousin Sara: Picking strawberries, silly. Can't you see? Sigfrid Borg: And who shall be favored with these delicious berries picked in the early morn by a lovely young woman? Cousin Sara: Nonsense. You know quite well that it's Uncle Aron's name day today. I forgot to make a present. So he'll get a basket of wild strawberries instead.

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Uncle Aron: Who gathered the wild strawberries for me?

§Wild Strawberries ¤ Birgitta Borg, twin, Kristina Borg, twin: What were Sara and Sigfrid doing in the wild strawberry patch? We saw you! We saw you!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: [In the midst of a massive, violent sandstorm, after witnessing his fellow War Boys sucked off the War Rig into a vortex] Oh, what a day... what a lovely day!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: You know, hope is a mistake. If you can't fix what's broken, you'll, uh... you'll go insane.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: If I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die historic on the Fury Road!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: I live, I die. I LIVE AGAIN!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: [last words] Witness me.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [first lines] Max Rockatansky: [Narrating] My name is Max. My world is fire and blood. Once, I was a cop. A road warrior searching for a righteous cause. As the world fell, each of us in our own way was broken. It was hard to know who was more crazy... me... or everyone else.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Narrator: "Where must we go... we who wander this Wasteland in search of our better selves?" -The First History Man

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Immortan Joe: Ah, mediocre!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Immortan Joe: Do not, my friends, become addicted to water. It will take hold of you, and you will resent its absence!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ The Bullet Farmer: I am the scales of justice! Conductor of the choir of death! Sing, brother Heckler! Sing, brother Koch! Sing, brothers! Sing! SING!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Toast: What are you doing? The Dag: Praying. Toast: To who? The Dag: Anyone who's listening.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [from trailer] Max Rockatansky: My name is Max. My world is fire. And blood.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: I am the one that runs from both the living and the dead. Hunted by scavengers, haunted by those I could not protect. So I exist in this wasteland, reduced to one instinct: survive.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: Immortan, if I can get onto the rig, there's a way inside. Immortan Joe: What is your name? Nux: It's Nux. I'll pike her in the spine, keep her breathing for you. Immortan Joe: No! [gives Nux a revolver] Immortan Joe: Put a bullet in her skull. Stop the rig. Return my treasures to me and I myself will carry you to the gates of Valhalla. Nux: Am I awaited? Immortan Joe: [sprays Nux's mouth with chrome spray paint] You will ride eternal, shiny and chrome.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: Immortan! Immortan Joe! [Immortan Joe turns and looks at Nux] Nux: He looked at me. He looked right at me. Slit: He looked at your blood bag. Nux: He turned his head. He looked me straight in the eye. Slit: He was scanning the horizon. Nux: No, I am awaited. I am awaited in Valhalla!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: Here they come again... worming their way into the black matter of my brain. I tell myself, they cannot touch me. They are long dead.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: How much more can they take from me? They got my blood, now it's my car!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Imperator Furiosa: You never gonna have a better chance. Max Rockatansky: At what? Imperator Furiosa: Redemption.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [the Mechanic performs a C-section on Angharad] The Organic Mechanic: Crying shame. Another month, could have been your viable human. Immortan Joe: Was it a male? The Organic Mechanic: Your A1 alpha prime. [cuts the umbilical cord and twirls it between his fingers] The Organic Mechanic: Hey, Rictus? Rictus Erectus: Yeah? The Organic Mechanic: You lost a baby brother. Perfect in every way. Rictus Erectus: I had a baby brother! I had a little baby brother! And he was perfect! Perfect in every way!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [Max proposes turning back and claiming the Citadel] Keeper of the Seeds: I like this plan... we could start again, just like the old days! Max Rockatansky: Look, it'll be a hard day. [points to the horizon] Max Rockatansky: But I guarantee you that a hundred and sixty days ride that way... there's nothing but salt. [points back] Max Rockatansky: At least that way we might be able to... together... come across some kind of redemption. [He holds out his hand. After a pause, Furiosa takes it and clasps tight]

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Imperator Furiosa: How does it feel? The Splendid Angharad: It hurts. Imperator Furiosa: Out here, everything hurts. You wanna get through this? Do as I say. Now pick up what you can and run.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ The Dag: [about Max] He's a crazy smeg who eats schlanger!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: Max. My name is Max. That's my name.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Imperator Furiosa: And how exactly do we take the Citadel, assuming we're still alive by then? Toast: If we can block the pass, it'll be easy. All that's left are his War Pups, and War Boys too sick to fight. Capable: And we'll be with Nux. He's a War Boy. He'll be bringing us home, bringing back what's stolen, like he's supposed to. [Everyone turns to look at Nux] Nux: Yeah... feels like hope.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Capable: We are not things. We are not things!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: [pointing at his Interceptor car being driven by a War Boy] That's mine!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [Max appears and heads off Furiosa, the Wives, and the Vuvalini. They brake to a stop, and Max shows Furiosa a map] Max Rockatansky: [points to the Citadel] All right. This is your way home. Imperator Furiosa: [incredulous] We go back? Max Rockatansky: Mmm. Toast: [incredulous] Back? Max Rockatansky: Yeah. The Dag: I thought you weren't insane anymore.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Capable: [looks down and sees Nux, gasps quietly] What are you doing here? Nux: [Sobbing] He saw it. He saw it all. My own bloodbag driving the rig that killed her. [Nux begins banging his head] Capable: Stop doing that! Shh. Stop. Nux: Three times the gates were opened to me. Capable: What gates? Nux: I was awaited in Valhalla. They were calling my name. I should be walking with the Immorta, mcfeasting with the heroes of all time. Capable: [lies down next to him] I'd say it was your manifest destiny not to. Nux: I thought I was being spared for something great. I got to... drive a pursuit vehicle. For a while even Larry and Barry stopped chewing on my windpipe. Capable: Who are Larry and Barry? Nux: My mates. [Points at his neck tumors] Nux: Larry and Barry. If they don't get me, then the night fevers will.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: I never thought I'd do something as shine as that.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ The Bullet Farmer: All this over a family squabble... healthy babies... [spits]

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ The Bullet Farmer: [while firing two sub-machine guns at the War Rig] Sing, Brother Heckler! Sing, Brother Koch! Sing, brothers! Sing! SING!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Toast: [Max returns after killing the Bullet Farmer] Are you hurt? Max Rockatansky: Huh? Toast: You're bleeding. Imperator Furiosa: That's not his blood.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: [to Nux] That's *my jacket...!*

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Imperator Furiosa: Hey. What's your name? What do I call you? Max Rockatansky: Does it matter? Imperator Furiosa: Fine. When I yell "fool," you drive out of here as fast as you can.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [from trailer] Immortan Joe: Everybody has gone out their mind. You're not the only one, Max.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Toast: [counting their remaining bullets] Well, we've only got four for big boy here, so he's all but useless. [holds up a tiny derringer] Toast: But we can squirt off this little pinkie a raunchy twenty-nine times. The Dag: Angharad used to call them anti-seed. Cheedo the Fragile: Plant one and watch something die.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ The Dag: [to her belly] Stay right where you are, little Joe. Kind of lost its novelty out here. Keeper of the Seeds: You having a baby? The Dag: Warlord Junior... gonna be so ugly. Keeper of the Seeds: It could be a girl. [pause] The Dag: You kill people with that, do ya? Keeper of the Seeds: Killed everyone I ever met out here. Headshots, all of them. Snap! Right in the medulla. The Dag: Thought somehow you girls were above all that. Keeper of the Seeds: [after a pause] Come here. Take a peek. The Dag: [gasping] Seeds. Keeper of the Seeds: These are from home. Heirlooms, the real thing. I plant one every chance I get. The Dag: Where? Keeper of the Seeds: So far nothing's took. Earth's too sour. The Dag: Ah, so many different kinds. Keeper of the Seeds: Trees, flowers, fruit. Back then everyone had their fill. Back then there was no need to snap anybody.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: That's my head!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: Have you done this before? Imperator Furiosa: Many times.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [after Furiosa's shot shatters his vehicle's searchlight] The Bullet Farmer: Hold up a flare! Red Flare Warrior: I am holding a flare! The Bullet Farmer: [opens his eyes wide] Closer! Red Flare Warrior: It's right in front of your eyes! [realizing he is blind, the Farmer screams]

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Imperator Furiosa: FOOL!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Max Rockatansky: CONFUCAMUS!

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ The Valkyrie: It'll take two weeks to skirt the wall of mountains. Max Rockatansky: No. I suggest we go back the same way we came. Through the canyon. Toast: [after a pause] It's open - we know that, right? He brought all his war parties through. Max Rockatansky: So we take the War Rig and charge it right through the middle of them. We can decouple the tanker at the pass, shut it off behind us. Keeper of the Seeds: [she and the Dag make the same gesture] Kaboom! [laughter]

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ The Dag: Angharad, is that just the wind or is it some furious vexation?

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ [the Bullet Farmer starts firing in the direction of the War Rig] Ripsaw Imperator: Wouldn't want to shoot the Wives, sir. The Bullet Farmer: Just probing.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: We're not to blame! The Splendid Angharad: Then who killed the World?

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Immortan Joe: I am your redeemer. It is by my hand you will rise from the ashes of this world.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Miss Giddy: [holding Immortan Joe at gunpoint with a shotgun] They are not your property! Immortan Joe: Miss Giddy! Miss Giddy: You cannot own a human being! Sooner or later, someone pushes back! Immortan Joe: WHERE IS SHE TAKING THEM? Miss Giddy: She didn't take them, they begged her to go! Immortan Joe: [points the shotgun away and grabs Miss Giddy] ... Where is she taking them? Miss Giddy: A long way from you! [Immortan Joe takes Miss Giddy away]

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Slit: By my deeds I honour him, V8.

§Mad Max: Fury Road ¤ Nux: I am the man... who grabs the sun... RIDING TO VALHALLA! [turns to Max] Nux: WITNESS ME, BLOOD BAG! [sprays lips with chrome spray paint] Nux: WITNESS!

§The Third Man ¤ Harry Lime: Don't be so gloomy. After all, it's not that awful. Like the fella says, in Italy for 30 years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love - they had 500 years of democracy and peace, and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock. So long, Holly.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Have you ever seen any of your victims? Harry Lime: You know, I never feel comfortable on these sort of things. Victims? Don't be melodramatic. Look down there. Tell me. Would you really feel any pity if one of those dots stopped moving forever? If I offered you twenty thousand pounds for every dot that stopped, would you really, old man, tell me to keep my money, or would you calculate how many dots you could afford to spare? Free of income tax, old man. Free of income tax - the only way you can save money nowadays.

§The Third Man ¤ Harry Lime: Nobody thinks in terms of human beings. Governments don't. Why should we? They talk about the people and the proletariat, I talk about the suckers and the mugs - it's the same thing. They have their five-year plans, so have I. Holly Martins: You used to believe in God. Harry Lime: Oh, I still do believe in God, old man. I believe in God and Mercy and all that. But the dead are happier dead. They don't miss much here, poor devils.

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: Go home Martins, like a sensible chap. You don't know what you're mixing in, get the next plane. Holly Martins: As soon as I get to the bottom of this, I'll get the next plane. Maj. Calloway: Death's at the bottom of everything, Martins. Leave death to the professionals. Holly Martins: Mind if I use that line in my next Western?

§The Third Man ¤ [first lines] Opening Narrator: [voice over] I never knew the old Vienna before the war with its Strauss music, its glamour and easy charm. Constantinople suited me better. Opening Narrator: [voice over continues after scenes of black market goods changing hands] I really got to know it in the classic period of the black market. We'd run anything if people wanted it enough and had the money to pay. Of course a situation like that does tempt amateurs... Opening Narrator: [voice over continues as a dead body is seen floating in the river] ... but, well, you know, they can't stay the course like a professional. Now the city is divided into four zones, you know, each occupied by a power: the American, the British, the Russian and the French. But the center of the city that's international policed by an international patrol. One member of each of the four powers. Wonderful! What a hope they had! All strangers to the place and none of them could speak the same language. Except a sort of smattering of German. Good fellows on the whole, did their best you know. Vienna doesn't really look any worse than a lot of other European cities. Bombed about a bit. Oh, I was going to tell you, wait, I was going to tell you about Holly Martins, an American. Came all the way here to visit a friend of his. The name was Lime, Harry Lime. Now Martins was broke and Lime had offered him, some sort, I don't know, some sort of job. Anyway, there he was, poor chap. Happy as a lark and without a cent.

§The Third Man ¤ Anna Schmidt: A person doesn't change just because you find out more.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: I was going to stay with him, but he died Thursday. Crabbin: Goodness, that's awkward. Holly Martins: Is that what you say to people after death? "Goodness, that's awkward?"

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: [to Holly] You were born to be murdered.

§The Third Man ¤ Crabbin: [inviting Holly Martins to give a lecture at the local Cultural Reeducation Society] We do a little show each week. Last week we had "Hamlet." The week before we had... something. Sgt. Paine: The striptease, sir. Crabbin: Yes, the Hindu dancers. Thank you, sergeant.

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: We should have dug deeper than a grave.

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: I told you to go away, Martins. This isn't Santa Fe. I'm not a sheriff and you aren't a cowboy. You've been blundering around with the worst bunch of racketeers in Vienna, your precious Harry's friends, and now you're wanted for murder. Holly Martins: Put down drunk and disorderly too. Maj. Calloway: I have.

§The Third Man ¤ Harry Lime: What did you want me to do? Be reasonable. You didn't expect me to give myself up... 'It's a far, far better thing that I do.' The old limelight. The fall of the curtain. Oh, Holly, you and I aren't heroes. The world doesn't make any heroes outside of your stories.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: I guess nobody really knew Harry like he did... like I did. Maj. Calloway: How long ago? Holly Martins: Back in school. I was never so lonesome in my life until he showed up. Maj. Calloway: When did you see him last? Holly Martins: September, '39. Maj. Calloway: When the business started? Holly Martins: Um, hmm. Maj. Calloway: See much of him before that? Holly Martins: Once in a while. Best friend I ever had. Maj. Calloway: That sounds like a cheap novelette. Holly Martins: Well, I write cheap novelettes.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Listen, Callahan! Maj. Calloway: Calloway. I'm English, not Irish.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: When he was 14, he taught me the three-card trick. That's growing up fast. Anna Schmidt: He never grew up. The world grew up around him, that's all.

§The Third Man ¤ Porter: He is now [points up] Porter: in hell, or [points down] Porter: in heaven.

§The Third Man ¤ British MP: I'm sorry, Miss, it's orders. We can't go against the protocol. Anna Schmidt: I don't even know what protocol means. British MP: Neither do I, Miss.

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: Next time we'll have a foolproof coffin.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: [to Anna] I'd make comic faces... and stand on my head and grin at you between my legs... and tell all sorts of jokes. I wouldn't stand a chance, would I?

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Oh, Anna, why do we always... have to quarrel? Anna Schmidt: If you want to sell your services, I'm not willing to be the price. I loved him. You loved him. What good have we done him? Love. Look at yourself.They have a name for faces like that.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Who was the third man?

§The Third Man ¤ Anna Schmidt: We're both in it, Harry. Holly Martins: Holly! Anna Schmidt: l'm so sorry. Holly Martins: lt's all right. You might get my name right. Anna Schmidt: You know, you ought to find yourself a girl.

§The Third Man ¤ Popescu: That's a nice girl, that. But she ought to go careful in Vienna. Everybody ought to go careful in a city like this.

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: It had meningitis. They gave it some of Lime's penicillin. Terrible pity, isn't it.

§The Third Man ¤ [last lines] Maj. Calloway: Be sensible, Martins. Holly Martins: l haven't got a sensible name, Calloway.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: l'm just a hack writer who drinks too much and - falls in love with girls. You. Anna Schmidt: Me?

§The Third Man ¤ Crabbin: Hello, Mr. Martins! I've been trying to reach you at your hotel. I've arranged the lecture for tomorrow. Holly Martins: Oh? What about? Crabbin: On the modern novel, you remember? What we arranged. I want you to talk about the crisis of faith. Holly Martins: What's that? Crabbin: Oh, I thought you'd know. You're a writer.

§The Third Man ¤ Anna Schmidt: Poor Harry, I wish he was dead. He'd be safe from all of you then.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Didn't you hear Mr. Crabbin offer me the hospitality of the H.Q.B.M.T. ?

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Did you ever read a book of mine called, "The Lone Rider of Santa Fe"? Sgt. Paine: No, not that one, sir. Holly Martins: lt's a story about a man who hunted down a sheriff who was victimizing his best friend. Crabbin: Seems exciting. Holly Martins: lt is! l'm gunning just the same way for your Major Callaghan. Sgt. Paine: Sounds anti-British, sir.

§The Third Man ¤ Popescu: l helped Harry fix her papers, Mr. Martins. Holly Martins: Oh, you did? Popescu: Not a sort of thing l should confess to a stranger, but you have to break the rules sometimes. Humanity - is a duty. Cigarette, Miss Schmidt?

§The Third Man ¤ Popescu: Can l ask, is Mr. Martins engaged on a new book? Holly Martins: Yes. lt's called, "The Third Man". Popescu: A novel, Mr. Martins? Holly Martins: lt's a murder story. l've just started it. lt's based on fact.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: l was told that a third man helped you and Kurtz carry the body. Popescu: l don't know how you got that idea. You'll find all about it in the police report. There was just the two of us, me and the Baron. Who could have told you a story like that ?

§The Third Man ¤ Popescu: l'd say you were doing something pretty dangerous this time. Holly Martins: Yeah? Popescu: Mixing fact and fiction. Holly Martins: Should l make it all fact? Popescu: Why, no, Mr. Martins. l'd say stick to fiction. Straight fiction.

§The Third Man ¤ Anna Schmidt: Honest, sensible, sober, harmless Holly Martins. Holly. What a silly name.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Well, what's this? Where are we? Sgt. Paine: lt's the main sewer. Runs right into the blue Danube. Smells sweet, doesn't it?

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: l never knew there were snake charmers in Texas.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: A lot of good your money will do you in jail. Harry Lime: That jail's in another zone.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: I'd make comic faces... and stand on my head and grin at you between my legs... and tell all sorts of jokes. I wouldn't stand a chance, would I?

§The Third Man ¤ Anna Schmidt: l don't know anything anymore, except l want to be dead too. Some more tea?

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: lt wasn't the German gin.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: There was a third man there. l suppose that doesn't sound peculiar to you. Maj. Calloway: l'm not interested in whether a racketeer like Lime was killed by his friends or by an accident. The only important thing is that he's dead.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Did you ever hear of "The Lone Rider of Santa Fe"? Maj. Calloway: Can't say that l have. Holly Martins: "Death at Double-X Ranch"? Uh, "Raunch".

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: Driver! Driver! Slow down! Have you got orders to kill me?

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: Miss Schmidt, you were intimate with Lime, weren't you ?

§The Third Man ¤ Maj. Calloway: He gave you the number of the Casanova Club. That's where a lot of friends of Lime used to go.

§The Third Man ¤ Popescu: Why wasn't he at the police inquiry? Holly Martins: He doesn't want to get involved. Popescu: You'll never teach these Austrians to be good citizens. lt was his duty to give the evidence.

§The Third Man ¤ Anna Schmidt: Oh, please. For heaven's sake, stop making him in your image. Harry was real. He wasn't just your friend and my lover. He was Harry.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: This is more like a mortuary than a police headquarters.

§The Third Man ¤ Holly Martins: l knew him for 20 years - at least, l thought l knew him. Suppose he was laughing at fools like us all the time? Anna Schmidt: He liked to laugh.

§The Wages of Fear ¤ Mario: Wherever there's oil there's Americans.

§The Wages of Fear ¤ Dick: When I was a kid, I used to see men go off on this kind of jobs... and not come back. When they did, they were wrecks. Their hair had turned white and their hands were shaking like palsy! You don't know what fear is. But you'll see. It's catching, it's catching like small pox! And once you get it, it's for life! So long, boys, and good luck.

§The Wages of Fear ¤ Mario: When someone else is driving, I'm scared.

§The Wages of Fear ¤ Bill O'Brien: The Hell with the Union! There's plenty of tramps in town, all volunteers. I'm not worried. To get that bonus, they'll carry the entire charge on their backs. Bradley: You mean you're gonna put those bums to work? Bill O'Brien: Yes, Mr. Bradley, because those bums don't have any union, nor any families. And if they blow up, nobody'll come around bothering me for any contribution.

§Sherlock Jr. ¤ Projectionist: [as Sherlock Jr., riding on the handlebars of a motorcycle, unaware the driver fell off] Be careful or one of us will get hurt.

§Sherlock Jr. ¤ Title card: There is an old proverb which says: Don't try to do two things at once and expect to do justice to both. This is the story of a boy who tried it. While employed as a moving picture operator in a small town theater he was also studying to be a detective.

§Sherlock Jr. ¤ Girl Who Loses Dollar Outside Cinema: I lost a dollar. Did you find it? Projectionist: [points to the trash pile] In there? Girl Who Loses Dollar Outside Cinema: Yes, did you? Projectionist: [nods reluctantly, pulls it out] Describe it. Girl Who Loses Dollar Outside Cinema: [gestures] This long. [Buster checks it] Girl Who Loses Dollar Outside Cinema: This wide. [he checks again, she makes a bird with her hands, he checks and hands it over]

§Sherlock Jr. ¤ Theatre Manager: Say Mr. Detective, before you clean up any mysteries, clean up this theater!

§Sherlock Jr. ¤ Title card: By the next day the mastermind has completely solved the mistery, with the exception of locating the pearls and finding the thief.

§Sherlock Jr. ¤ The sheik: [to Sherlock Jr. about a man locked in a tight cage] That's a detective. When he's dead I'll put you in there.

§Sherlock Jr. ¤ The sheik: We are lost! He is sending for the world's greatest detective - Sherlock Jr.!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [last lines] Sulley: Boo? Boo: Kitty!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Can I borrow your odorant? Sulley: Yeah, I got, uh, Smelly Garbage or Old Dumpster. Mike: You got, uh, Low Tide? Sulley: No. Mike: How about Wet Dog? Sulley: Yep. Stink it up.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Charlie: [Repeated line] Twenty-three nineteen! We have a Twenty-three nineteen!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Sully thinks Boo has been crushed into a cube of garbage] Sulley: [tearfully] I can still hear her little voice. Boo: [from down the hall] Mike Wazowski! Mike: Hey, I can hear her too. Kids: Mike Wazowski! Mike: How many kids you got in there?

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Sulley: [is fighting the invisible Randall when he is hit with a snowball] Mike? Mike: Look, it's not that I don't care about the kid. Sulley: Mike, you don't understand. Mike: Yes, I do. I was just mad, that's all. I needed some time to think, but you shouldn't have left me out there. Sulley: I'm being attacked! Mike: No, I'm not attacking you. I'm trying to be honest, just hear me out. You and I are a team. Nothing is more important than our friendship. [Boo approaches Mike, frightened] Mike: I-I know, kid. He's too sensitive. Mike: [Sulley is being strangled] Come on, pal. If you start crying, I'm gonna cry, and I'll never get through this. I'm sorry I wasn't there for you, but I am now. Hey, Sulley, I am baring my soul here. The least you can do is pay attention! [Throws snowball; it hits Randall, making him visible enough for Sulley to knock him out] Mike: Hey, look at that, it's Randall. It's... Oh.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Good morning, Roz, my succulent little garden snail. And who will we be scaring today? Roz: Wazowski! You didn't file your paperwork last night. Mike: Oh, that darn paperwork! Wouldn't it be easier if it all just blew away? Roz: Don't let it happen again. Mike: Yes, well, I'll try to be more careful next time. Roz: I'm watching you, Wazowski. Always watching. Always. Mike: Ooh, she's nuts.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Randall: Cheating? Right. Okay, I think I know how to make this all go away. What happens when the whistle blows in five minutes? Mike: Ah, I get a time-out? Randall: Everyone goes to lunch! Which means: the scare floor will be...? Mike: ...Painted? Randall: EMPTY! It'll be empty, you idiot! You see that clock? When the big hand is pointing up... [forces Mike's left arm up] Randall: and the little hand is pointing up... [forces his right arm up] Randall: the kid's door will be in my station. But when the big hand points down... [bends the right arm over the left; Mike groans in pain] Randall: the door will be gone. You have until then to put the kid back. Get the picture? [Mike whimpers and nods]

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Randall: [Finding out that he caught Mike instead of Boo] Wazowski! Where is it, you little one-eyed cretin? Mike: Okay, first of all, it's "creetin". If you're gonna threaten me, do it properly. Second of all, you're nuts if you think kidnapping ME is gonna help YOU cheat your way to the top. Randall: [chuckles evilly] You still think this is about that stupid scare record? Mike: Well... I did. Right up until you... chuckled... like that... And now I'm thinking I should just get out of here. [a Handle Bar is placed down preventing Mike from leaving, and his hands get cuffed on] Randall: I am about to revolutionize the scaring industry, and when I do, even the great James P. Sullivan will be working of me. First I need to know where the kid is, and you're gonna tell me.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Roz, my tender, oozing blossom, you're looking fabulous today. Is that a new haircut? Come on, tell me it's a new haircut, isn't it? It's got to be a new haircut. New makeup? You had a lift? You had a tuck? You had something? Something has been inserted in in you that makes you look... Listen, I need a favor. Randall was working late last night out on the scare floor. I really need the key to the door he was using. Roz: Well, isn't that nice? But guess what? You didn't turn in your paperwork last night. Mike: He didn't... I... no paperwork? Roz: This office is now closed. [closes the window on Mike's fingers] Mike: YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Mike and Sulley watch a commercial featuring them, but Mike is covered over by the Monsters Inc. logo] Mike: I can't believe it... Sulley: Oh, Mike... Mike: I was on TV. Ha. Did you see me? I'm a natural.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Sulley: Hey, Mike, this might sound crazy but I don't think that kid's dangerous. Mike: Really? Well, in that case, let's keep it. I always wanted a pet that could kill me.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Boo, scared of the closet, shows Sully a picture] Sulley: Hey, that looks like Randall. Randall's your monster. You think he's gonna come out of the closet and scare you? [Opens closet and walks inside] Sulley: Look, it's empty. No monster in here. Okay, NOW there is. I'm not gonna scare you. I'm off duty.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Mike and Sulley at a crosswalk next to a giant monster] Sulley: Hey, Ted! Good morning! [Ted clucks; light changes and they cross] Sulley: See that, Mikey? Ted's walking to work. Mike: Big deal. Guy takes five steps and he's there.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Celia: Oh, Michael, I've had a lot of birthdays - well, not a lot of birthdays but this is the best birthday ever. [Mike stares lovingly at her] Celia: What are you looking at? Mike: I was just thinking about the first time I laid eye on you, how pretty you looked. Celia: [shyly] Stop it. Mike: Your hair was shorter then. Celia: Mm-hmm. I'm thinking about getting it cut. [the snakes in Celia's hair squeal with fear] Mike: No-no, I like it this length. [the snakes sigh in relief] Mike: I like everything about you. Just the other day someone asked me who I thought the most beautiful was in all of Monstropolis. You know what I said? Celia: What did you say? Mike: I said... [Just then, Sulley's face appears in the window behind Celia] Mike: Sulley? Celia: Sulley?

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Sulley: How can I do this? How could I be so stupid? This could ruin the company. Mike: The company? Who cares about the company? What about us? That thing is a KILLING MACHINE! [points at Boo, who is babbling harmlessly] Mike: I bet it's waiting for us to fall asleep, and then - bam! Oh, we're easy prey, my friend. Easy prey! We're sitting targets!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Psst, Fungus. Fungus, you like cars? Because I got a really nice car. You let me go, I'll give you... a ride... in the car. Fungus: I'm sorry, Wazowski, but Randall said I'm not allowed to fraternize with victims of his evil plot. [Sulley Grabs Fungus from above, Mike looks up overjoyed. In the Next Scene, Randall gets the Scream Extractor working again, only to find Fungus where Mike should be] Randall: What are you doing? Where's Wazowski? [Randall turns off the machine as Fungus, now turned white and pale from the Scream Extractor, weakly points out to him]

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: [as the Scream Extractor approaches] What is that thing? What is that thing? Hey, hey, hey, that thing is moving. I don't like big, moving things that are moving towards me. [the Scream Extractor comes to a stop, pointing itself directly at Mike] Randall: Say hello to the Scream Extractor. Mike: Hello. Hey, where are you going? C'mon, we'll talk! We'll have a latte!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [first lines] Flint: All right, Mr. Bile, is it? Bile: Uh, my friends call me Phlem. Flint: Uh-huh, Mr. Bile, can you tell me what you did wrong? Bile: I fell down? Flint: No, No, before that. [Turning to the Trainees behind her] Flint: Can anyone tell me Mr. Bile's big mistake? Anyone? [the Trainees look confused] Flint: [Playing the Footage on the Screen above of Bile entering the room] Alright let's check footage, right there. The Door! And leaving the door open is the worst mistake that any employee could make, because... Bile: Uh... it could let in a draft? Henry J. Waternoose: [Storming in] It could let in a child.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Sulley: Mike, that's not her door. Mike: What are you talking about? Of course it's her door. It's her door. Sulley: No. Her door was white and it had flowers on it. Mike: No. It must've dark last night because this is its door. [opens the door. A bright light and polka music emanate from the room] Mike: [to Boo] You hear that? Sounds like fun in there. Well, see ya kid. Send me a postcard. That's Mike Wazowski, care of 22 Mike Wazowsi-You-Got-Your-Life-Back-Lane. Boo: Mowki Kowski. Mike: Very good. Now bon voyage. See ya. [waves a stick in front of Boo as if she were a dog] Mike: Look at the stick. See the stick? [throws the stick through the door] Mike: Go get the stick. Go fetch.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Henry J. Waternoose: This has gone far enough, James. Sulley: She's home now. Just leave her alone! Henry J. Waternoose: I can't do that, James. She's seen too much. You both have. Sulley: It doesn't have to be this way. Henry J. Waternoose: I have no choice! Times have changed. Scaring isn't enough anymore. Sulley: But kidnapping children? Henry J. Waternoose: I'll kidnap a thousand children before I let this company die, and I'll silence anyone who gets in my way! [Waternoose knocks Sulley to the ground and lunges at Boo] Sulley: No! [Waternoose instead finds the simulated child] Voice: Simulation terminated. Simulation terminated... Henry J. Waternoose: [confused] Huh? But... What? [the lights come on and it's revealed that Boo's room is really the simulation room; Mike and several CDA agents are standing behind the console] Mike: I don't know about you guys, but I spotted several big mistakes. You know what? Let's watch my favorite part again, shall we? [replays the tape of Waternoose over and over]

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Roz: Hello, Wazowski. Fun-filled evening planned for tonight? Mike: Well, as a matter of fact... Roz: Then I'm sure you filed your paperwork correctly, for once. [Mike smiles innocently] Roz: Your stunned silence is very reassuring.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Yeti: You wanna go to the village? Okay, rule number one out here: Always... no, Never go out in a blizzard. Sulley: We need to get to Boo. [a snowcone gets thrown at Sulley from off-screen. The Yeti points at Mike] Mike: Boo? What about us? [Throws another snowcone] Mike: Ever since that kid came in, you've ignored everything I've said, and now look where we are! [Throws another snowcone] Mike: Oh, we were about to break the record, Sulley. We would've had it made! Sulley: None of that matters now. Mike: None of it matters? [Drops the snowcone he was about to throw onto the floor] Mike: Wa-wait a second. None of it matters? Oh, okay, that's - no. Good. Great. So now the truth comes out, doesn't it? Yeti: Oh, would you look at that? We're out of snowcones. Let me... just go outside and make some more. [Leaves] Mike: Sulley, what about everything we ever worked for? Does that matter? Huh? What about Celia? I am never... never gonna see her again. Doesn't that matter? What about me? I'm your pal, I'm-I'm your best friend. Don't I matter? Sulley: I'm sorry, Mike. I'm sorry we're stuck out here. I didn't mean all this to happen. But Boo's in trouble. I think there might be a way to save her if we can just get down to that... Mike: We? Whoa, whoa. We? No. There's no we this time, pal. If-if-if you wanna go out there and freeze to death, you be my guest, because you're on your own.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Repeated Line] Boo: Mike Waszowski.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: I'm telling you, Big Daddy. You're gonna be seeing this face on TV more often. Sulley: Yeah, like on "Monstropolis' Most Wanted"? Mike: Ha, ha, ha. You've been jealous of my good looks since the fourth grade, pal.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Sulley: Mike, this isn't Boo's door. Mike: Boo? What's Boo? Sulley: That's... what I decided to call her. Is there a problem? Mike: Sulley, you're not supposed to name it. Once you name it, you start getting attached to it. Now put that thing back where it came from or so help me... [pauses, realizing that they suddenly have the attention of the entire scare floor] Mike: Oh, hey. We're rehearsing a - a scene for the upcoming company play called uh, Put That Thing Back Where It Came From Or So Help Me. It's a musical. [singing] Mike: Put that thing back where it came from or so help me... so help me, so help me and cut. We're still working on it, it's a work in progress but, hey, we need ushers.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Babysitter: Well, hello there. What's your name? Boo: Mike Wazowski.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Oh, you should have seen the look on Waternoose's face when that wall went up. Woo-hoo! I hope we get a copy of that tape. Hey, you all right? Come on, we did it. We got Boo home. Sure, we put the company in the toilet, and, gee, hundreds of people will be out of work now, not to mention the angry mob that'll come after us when there's no more power... but hey, at least we had a few laughs, right? Sulley: [Having had an idea, from seeing what Boo's laughing could do] Laughs!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Needleman: So I said, "If you talk to me like that again, we're through." Smitty: Oh! What did she say? Needleman: You know my mom. She sent me to my room.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Yeti: Abominable. Can you believe that? Do I look abominable to you? Why can't they call me the Adorable Snowman, or the Agreeable Snowman, for crying out loud? I'm a nice guy. Snow cone? Mike: Yuck. Yeti: No, no, no, don't worry. It's lemon. How about you Big Fella? Snow cone? Sulley: [Feeling sad after accidentally Scaring Boo at the Scare Simulator] Did you see the way she looked at me?

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Get out of here. You're ruining everything. Sulley: I went back to get your paperwork and there was a door. Mike: What? A door? Sulley: Randall was in it. Mike: Wait a minute, Randall? That cheater! He's trying to boost his numbers. Sulley: There's something else. Mike: What? Sulley: Ook-lay in the ag-bay. Mike: What? Sulley: Look in the bag. Mike: [the Bag Sulley carried over with Boo inside is missing] What bag?

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Sulley: Nice job, Mikey. You filled your quota on the first kid of the day. Mike: You know, only someone with great comedic timing could produce this much energy in one shot. Sulley: Uh-huh, and the fact that laughter has ten times the energy of scream had nothing to do with it.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Henry J. Waternoose: Kids these days. They just don't get scared like they used to.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Celia: So, uh... are we going anywhere special tonight? Mike: I-I just got us into a little place called, um... Harryhausen's. Celia: Harryhausen's? But it's impossible to get a reservation there. Mike: Not for Googlie Bear. I will see you at quitting time, and not a minute later. Celia: Okay, sweetheart. Mike: Think romantical thoughts. [singing] Mike: You and me, me and you, both of us together!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Boo, in disguise, walks up to Mr. Waternoose] Henry J. Waternoose: Well hello, little one. Where did you come from? Sulley: Mr. Waternoose. Henry J. Waternoose: Ah, James. Is this one yours? Sulley: Ah, actually that's my uh, cousin's sister's daughter, sir. Mike: Yeah, it's uh, "Bring an Obscure Relative to Work Day". Henry J. Waternoose: Hmm, must have missed the memo.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Look at the big jerk. He ruined my life, and for what? A STUPID KID! Because of you, I am stuck in this frozen wasteland! Yeti: Wasteland? I think you mean "Wonderland"! I mean, how about all this fabulous snow, huh? Oh, and wait until you see the local village, cutest thing in the world. I haven't mentioned all the free yak's milk. Sulley: Wh... What did you say? Yeti: Yak's milk. Milking a yak ain't exactly a picnic; but once you pick the hairs out, it's very nutritious. Sulley: No, No. Something about a Village. Are there any Kids there? Yeti: Oh, sure. Tough kids, sissy kids, kids who climb on rocks... Sulley: Where is it? Yeti: Bottom of the Mountain. A 3 Day hike from here. Sulley: 3 Days? We need to get there NOW. [Sulley bangs his fists against the wall in Frustration. A fallen icicle rolls over to a Toboggan and Lantern over in the corner, which could help him get down the mountain quickly]

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Mike and Sulley, with the help of Waternoose, are preparing to send Boo home, but a huge metal door is brought out instead of Boo's] Mike: Sir, that's not her door. Henry J. Waternoose: I know, I know... [Suddenly, Randal materializes in front of the door and opens it, which leads out to a Harsh Cold Environment] Henry J. Waternoose: ...It's yours. [Waternoose, holding Boo, pushes Mike and Sulley through the door]

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Randall: [materializes in front of Mike's locker] WAZOWSKI! [Mike falls from the chair] Randall: Well what do you know? It scares little kids and little monsters. Mike: I wasn't scared, I have allergies

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: She's the one. I'm telling ya, she is the one. Sulley: I'm happy for you. Mike: Oh, by the way, thanks for hooking me up with those reservations. Sulley: No problem. They're under the name Googlie-Bear. Mike: Thanks, I... you know, that ain't very funny.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Trailer Son: [after Sully throws Randall into a door and destroys it] Mama! 'Nother gator got in the house! Trailer Mom: Another gator? Gimme that shovel! [she begins to whack Randall with the shovel]

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Boo: [giggles and opens her closet door, only to find nothing but toys and clothes hung up] Boo!... Kitty? [the scene changes to show Boo's door being shredded by the CDA and Roz]

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Henry J. Waternoose: There's nothing more toxic or deadly than a human child. A single touch could kill you. Leave a door open, and one can walk right into this factory; right into the monster world. Trainee: I won't go into a kid's room. You can't make me. Henry J. Waternoose: You're going in there, because we need this. [Holds out a Scream Canister, which lets out a small scream that it Extracted] Henry J. Waternoose: Our city is counting on you to collect those screams. Without scream, we have no power. Yes, it's dangerous work, and that's why I need you to be at your best. I need scarers who are confident, tenacious, tough, intimidating. I need scarers like... like... James P. Sullivan.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Yeti: [Referring to despondent Sully] Aw, poor guy. I understand. It ain't easy being banished. Take my buddy Bigfoot. When he was banished he fashioned an enormous diaper out of poison ivy. Wore it on his head like a tiara. Called himself "King Itchy".

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Sulley's alarm clock clicks, and Mike impersonates the radio announcer] Mike: Hey, good morning, Monstropolis. It's now five after the hour of 6:00 A.M. in the big monster city. Temperature's a balmy 65 degrees, which is good news for you reptiles, and it looks like it's gonna be a perfect day to maybe, hey, just lie in bed, sleep in, or simply... Work out that flab that's hanging over the bed! Get up, Sulley! [honks a horn right in Sulley's face; Sulley wakes up and screams, then starts working out] Sulley: I don't believe I ordered a wake-up call, Mikey. Mike: Hey, less talk, more pain, marshmellow boy!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Follow the sultry sound of my voice

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ [Boo's laugh made all the lights go out] Sulley: What was that? Mike Wazowski: I have no idea. But it would be a really good idea if it didn't do it again.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ TV Anchorman: If witnesses are to be believed, there has been a child security breach for the first time in monster history. CDA Agent: We can neither confirm nor deny the presence of a human child here tonight. Witness #1: Well the kid flew right over me and blasted a car with its laser vision. Witness #2: I tried to get away from it, but he picked me up with his mind powers and shook me like a doll. Witness #3: [has many eyes] It's true! I saw the whole thing! Professor on TV: It is my professional opinion that now it's the time to *panic*!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Roz: None of this ever happened, gentlemen. And I don't want to see any paperwork on it.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: Hey, genius. Wanna know why I bought the car? Sulley: Not really. Mike: To drive it! You know, like on the street? With the honk-honk and the vroom-vroom, and the no walking involved? Sulley: Wah, wah, wah. Will you give it a rest, butterball? C'mon, you could use the exercise. Mike: I could use the exercise? Look at you. You have your own climate.

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Needleman: Hey, Mr. Sullivan! Sulley: Guys, I told you, call me Sulley. Smitty: [Giggling] I don't think so. Needleman: We just wanted to wish you good luck today. Mike: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Come on, get lost, you two. You're making him lose his focus. Needleman: Oh, sorry. Sulley: See you later, fellas. Smitty: Go get 'em, Mr. Sullivan! Needleman: Quiet! You're making him lose his focus. Smitty: Oh, no. Sorry! Needleman: Shut up!

§Monsters, Inc. ¤ Mike: You know, I am so romantic, sometimes I think I should just marry myself. Sulley: Give me a break, Mike. Mike: What a night of romance I got ahead of me. Tonight it's about me and Celia. Ooh, the Love Boat is about to set sail. Toot-toot! Cause I gotta tell you, buddy, that face of hers , it just makes my heart go... [Sees Roz in front of him] Mike: Yikes!

§Jaws ¤ [the three men are comparing their scars] Brody: What's that one? Quint: What? Brody: That one, there, on your arm. Quint: Oh, uh, that's a tattoo, I got that removed. Hooper: Don't tell me, don't tell me..."Mother." [he roars with laughter] Hooper: What is it... [Quint solemnly clamps a hand on Hooper's arm] Quint: Mr. Hooper, that's the USS Indianapolis. [Hooper immediately stops laughing] Hooper: You were on the Indianapolis? Brody: What happened? Quint: Japanese submarine slammed two torpedoes into our side, Chief. We was comin' back from the island of Tinian to Leyte, just delivered the bomb. The Hiroshima bomb. Eleven hundred men went into the water. Vessel went down in twelve minutes. Didn't see the first shark for about a half an hour. Tiger. Thirteen-footer. You know how you know that when you're in the water, Chief? You tell by lookin' from the dorsal to the tail. What we didn't know... was our bomb mission had been so secret, no distress signal had been sent. Heh. [he pauses and takes a drink] Quint: They didn't even list us overdue for a week. Very first light, Chief, sharks come cruisin'. So we formed ourselves into tight groups. Y'know, it's... kinda like ol' squares in a battle like, uh, you see in a calendar, like the Battle of Waterloo, and the idea was, shark comes to the nearest man and that man, he'd start poundin' and hollerin' and screamin', and sometimes the shark'd go away... sometimes he wouldn't go away. Sometimes that shark, he looks right into ya. Right into your eyes. Y'know the thing about a shark, he's got... lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll's eyes. When he comes at ya, doesn't seem to be livin'... until he bites ya. And those black eyes roll over white, and then... oh, then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin', the ocean turns red, and spite of all the poundin' and the hollerin', they all come in and they... rip you to pieces. [he pauses] Quint: Y'know, by the end of that first dawn... lost a hundred men. I dunno how many sharks. Maybe a thousand. I dunno how many men, they averaged six an hour. On Thursday mornin', Chief, I bumped into a friend of mine, Herbie Robinson from Cleveland- baseball player, boatswain's mate. I thought he was asleep, reached over to wake him up... bobbed up and down in the water just like a kinda top. Upended. Well... he'd been bitten in half below the waist. Noon the fifth day, Mr. Hooper, a Lockheed Ventura saw us, he swung in low and he saw us. Young pilot, a lot younger than Mr. Hooper. Anyway, he saw us and come in low and three hours later, a big fat PBY comes down and start to pick us up. Y'know, that was the time I was most frightened, waitin' for my turn. I'll never put on a life jacket again. So, eleven hundred men went into the water, three hundred sixteen men come out, and the sharks took the rest, June the 29th, 1945. [he pauses, smiles, and raises his glass] Quint: Anyway... we delivered the bomb.

§Jaws ¤ Brody: That's some bad hat, Harry.

§Jaws ¤ Brody: Smile, you son of a BITCH! [shoots at the air tank; the shark explodes]

§Jaws ¤ Brody: [to Quint after getting his first good look at the great white shark up close while chumming] You're gonna need a bigger boat.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: [Quint first scratches the chalk board to get everyone's attention] Y'all know me. Know how I earn a livin'. I'll catch this bird for you, but it ain't gonna be easy. Bad fish. Not like going down the pond chasin' bluegills and tommycods. This shark, swallow you whole. Little shakin', little tenderizin', an' down you go. And we gotta do it quick, that'll bring back your tourists, put all your businesses on a payin' basis. But it's not gonna be pleasant. I value my neck a lot more than three thousand bucks, chief. I'll find him for three, but I'll catch him, and kill him, for ten. But you've gotta make up your minds. If you want to stay alive, then ante up. If you want to play it cheap, be on welfare the whole winter. I don't want no volunteers, I don't want no mates, there's just too many captains on this island. $10,000 for me by myself. For that you get the head, the tail, the whole damn thing.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: [singing] Farewell and adieu to you fair Spanish ladies. Farewell and adieu to you ladies of Spain. For we've received orders for to sail back to Boston. And so never more shall we see you again.

§Jaws ¤ Ellen Brody: Martin hates boats. Martin hates water. Martin... Martin sits in his car when we go on the ferry to the mainland. I guess it's a childhood thing. It's a... there's a clinical name for it isn't there? Brody: Drowning.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: Here lies the body of Mary Lee; died at the age of a hundred and three. For fifteen years she kept her virginity; not a bad record for this vicinity.

§Jaws ¤ [last lines] Brody: What day is this? Hooper: It's Wednesday... eh, it's Tuesday, I think. Brody: Think the tide's with us? Hooper: Keep kicking. Brody: I used to hate the water... Hooper: I can't imagine why.

§Jaws ¤ Mrs. Kintner: Chief Brody? Brody: Yes? [Mrs. Kintner slaps Brody and sobs] Mrs. Kintner: I just found out, that a girl got killed here last week, and you knew it! You knew there was a shark out there! You knew it was dangerous! But you let people go swimming anyway? You knew all those things! But still my boy is dead now. And there's nothing you can do about it. My boy is dead. I wanted you to know that. [Mrs. Kintner walks away] Mayor Vaughn: I'm sorry, Martin. She's wrong. Brody: No, she's not.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: [seeing Hooper's equipment] What are you? Some kind of half-assed astronaut? [examining the shark cage] Quint: Jesus H Christ, when I was a boy, every little squirt wanted to be a harpooner or a sword fisherman. What d'ya have there - a portable shower or a monkey cage? Hooper: Anti-Shark cage. Quint: Anti-shark cage. You go inside the cage? [Hooper nods] Quint: Cage goes in the water, you go in the water. Shark's in the water. Our shark. [sings] Quint: Farewell and adieu to you, fair Spanish ladies. Farewell and adieu, you ladies of Spain. For we've received orders for to sail back to Boston. And so nevermore shall we see you again.

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: I'm not going to waste my time arguing with a man who's lining up to be a hot lunch.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: Here's to swimmin' with bow-legged women.

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: This was no boat accident.

§Jaws ¤ Brody: "Slow ahead." I can go slow ahead. Come on down here and chum some of this shit.

§Jaws ¤ Mayor Vaughn: Fellows, let's be reasonable, huh? This is not the time or the place to perform some kind of a half-assed autopsy on a fish... And I'm not going to stand here and see that thing cut open and see that little Kintner boy spill out all over the dock.

§Jaws ¤ Brody: Is it true that most people get attacked by sharks in three feet of water about ten feet from the beach? Hooper: Yeah. Brody: And that... and that before people started to swim for recreation - I mean before sharks knew what they were missing - that a lot of these attacks weren't reported? Hooper: That's right. Brody: Now this shark that... that... that swims alone... Hooper: Rogue. Brody: What's it called? Hooper, Brody: [together] Rogue. Brody: Rogue, yeah. Now this guy, he... he keeps swimmin' around in a place where the feeding is good until the food supply is gone, right? Hooper: It's called "territoriality". It's just a theory that I happen to... agree with. Brody: Then why don't we have one more drink and go down and cut that shark open? Ellen Brody: Martin? Can you do that? Brody: I can do anything; I'm the chief of police.

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: Ha, ha - they're all gonna die.

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: [singing] Show me the way to go home / I'm tired and I want to go to bed... Hooper, Quint, Brody: [all singing together] I had a little drink about an hour ago and it got right to my head / Wherever I may roam / by land or sea or foam...

§Jaws ¤ Brody: It doesn't make any sense when you pay a guy like you to watch sharks. Hooper: Well, uh, it doesn't make much sense for a guy who hates the water to live on an island either. Brody: It's only an island if you look at it from the water. Hooper: That makes a lot of sense.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: Back home we got a taxidermy man. He gonna have a heart attack when he see what I brung him.

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: [trying to get the fishing line secure] It may be a marlin or a stingray... but it's definitely a game fish. [Hooper pulls as the lines snaps and he crashes his head into the wall] Quint: [picking up the line] Gamin' fish, eh? Marlin? Stingray? Bit through this piano wire? Don't you tell me my business again! You get back on the bridge... Hooper: Quint, that doesn't prove a damn thing! Quint: Well it proves one thing, Mr. Hooper. It proves that you wealthy college boys don't have the education enough to admit when you're wrong. [Quint enters the cabin as Hooper makes faces at him] Brody: [following Quint inside the boat] What's the point? Hooks and lines... Quint: [slams on the roof at Hooper] Hooper! 12 minutes south south east now, full throttle! Hooper: [Mocking Pirate Voice] Aye, aye, sir! AYE JIMBOY ARAGHHH! Quint: [to Brody] See what I do, Chief, is I trick 'em to the surface. And I jab at 'em. I'm not gonna haul 'em up like a lot of catfish. [slams on the roof] Quint: Hooper, full throttle! Hooper: [voice imitating W. C. Fields] I don't have to take this abuse much longer!

§Jaws ¤ [Brody sees his son sitting in a small skiff, and yells for him to get out of it] Ellen Brody: Martin, it's his birthday tomorrow! Brody: I don't want him on the ocean! Ellen Brody: He's not on the ocean, he is in a boat! He's not gonna go in the water! I don't think he'll ever go in the water again after what happened yesterday. Brody: All right, now don't say that. I don't want that to happen, you know that. But I want him to read the boating regulations, the rules, y'know, before he goes out on his own. [while he talks, Ellen flips through the book on sharks he has been reading, and sees an old painting of a shark ramming a hole into the bottom of rowboat's hull] Ellen Brody: [slams the book shut] Michael! Did you hear your father? Out of the water now! NOW!

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: Boys, oh boys... I think he's come back for his noon feeding.

§Jaws ¤ [Hooper is examining the remains of the first victim, describing the post-mortem into his tape recorder] Hooper: The height and weight of the victim can only be estimated from the partial remains... [He lifts the sheet covering the remains, inhales sharply, then regains his composure] Hooper: The torso has been severed in mid-thorax; there are no major organs remaining... May I have a glass of water, please? Medical Examiner: Sure. Hooper: Right arm has been severed above the elbow with massive tissue loss in the upper musculature. [takes water] Hooper: Thank you very much. [sips the water and continues] Hooper: Partially denuded bone remaining... [to the M.E] Hooper: This was no boating accident. [to Brody] Hooper: Did you notify the Coast Guard about this? Brody: No. It was only local jurisdiction. Hooper: [continues post-mortem] The left arm, head, shoulders, sternum and portions of the rib cage are intact... [Brody begins to light a cigarette] Hooper: Do not smoke in here, thank you very much! [lifts up the severed arm] Hooper: This is what happens. It indicates the non-frenzied feeding of a large squalus - possibly Longimanus or Isurus glauca. Now the enormous amount of tissue loss prevents any detailed analysis; however the attacking squalus must be considerably larger than any normal squalus found in these waters. [pulls off his glasses] Hooper: Didn't you get on a boat and check out these waters? Brody: No. Hooper: Well, this is not a boat accident! It wasn't any propeller, it wasn't any coral reef, and it wasn't Jack the Ripper! [splashes water on his face and takes a deep breath] Hooper: It was a shark.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: Hooper, what exactly can you do with these things of yours? Hooper: Well, I think I can pump 20 cc's of strychnine nitrate into him, if I can get close enough. Quint: Can you get this little needle through his skin? Hooper: No, I can't do that. But if I can get him close enough to this cage, I think that I can get him in the mouth or the eye... Brody: That shark will rip that cage to pieces! Hooper: [shouting] YOU GOT ANY BETTER SUGGESTIONS?

§Jaws ¤ Ellen Brody: What am I going to tell the kids? Brody: Tell them I'm going fishing.

§Jaws ¤ Mayor Vaughn: I don't think either of one you are familiar with our problems. Hooper: I think that I am familiar with the fact that you are going to ignore this particular problem until it swims up and BITES YOU ON THE ASS!

§Jaws ¤ Mayor Vaughn: Martin, it's all psychological. You yell barracuda, everybody says, "Huh? What?" You yell shark, we've got a panic on our hands on the Fourth of July.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: [On radio] Your husband's all right, Mrs. Brody. He's fishing. He's just caught a couple of stripers. We'll bring 'em in for dinner. We won't be long, we haven't seen anything yet. Over and out.

§Jaws ¤ [about to go looking for the shark] Brody: On the water? Hooper: Well, if we're looking for a shark we're not gonna find him on the land.

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: That's a twenty footer. Quint: Twenty-five. Three tons of him.

§Jaws ¤ Ben Gardner: When we get them silly bastards down in that rock pile, it'll be some fun, they'll wish their fathers had never met their mothers. When they start takin' their bottoms out and slamming into them rocks, boy! Get away from there, ya goddamn fool, you! What's the matter with you? You wanna swamp us, ya crazy son of a bitch?

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: [motioning to Brody to get closer to the barrels] Come on Martin! Move, move, move! Brody: I'm not going out there! Hooper: Beyond the edge of the barrels, go to the end of the barrels! Further out! Brody: What? Hooper: Further out! Brody: Why? Hooper: Go further out! Brody: What for? Hooper: Will you go to the end of the pulpit, please? Brody: What? Hooper: Will you just please go to the end of the pulpit! Brody: What for? Hooper: I need to have something in the foreground to give it some scale. Brody: Foreground, my ass!

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: [points to a scar on chest] Mary Ellen Moffat. She broke my heart. [Hooper, Brody and Quint all laugh]

§Jaws ¤ Mayor Vaughn: Any special questions? Denherder: Uh, is that $3000 bounty on the shark in cash or check? [the townspeople laugh] Mrs. Taft: I don't think that's funny. I don't think that's funny at all, I'm sorry.

§Jaws ¤ [as Brody sends the air tanks flying] Hooper: Dammit, Martin! This is compressed air! Brody: Well, what the hell kind of a knot was that? Hooper: You pulled the wrong one. You screw around with these tanks, and they're gonna blow up! Quint: Yeah, that's real fine expensive gear you brought out here, Mr. Hooper. 'Course I don't know what that bastard shark's gonna do with it, might eat it I suppose. Seen one eat a rockin' chair one time. Hey chieffy, next time you just ask me which line to pull, right?

§Jaws ¤ Brody: Yeah, but I'm not drunk enough to go out on a boat. Hooper: Yes, you are. Brody: No, I'm not. Hooper: Yes, you are. Brody: I can't do that. Hooper: Yes, you can.

§Jaws ¤ Hooper: Mr. Vaughn, what we are dealing with here is a perfect engine, an eating machine. It's really a miracle of evolution. All this machine does is swim and eat and make little sharks, and that's all. Now, why don't you take a long, close look at this sign. [refers to the graffitied billboard] Hooper: Those proportions are correct. Mayor Vaughn: Love to prove that, wouldn't ya? Get your name into the National Geographic.

§Jaws ¤ Mayor Vaughn: [to reporter] I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers. But, as you see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open and people are having a wonderful time. Amity, as you know, means "friendship".

§Jaws ¤ Quint: Front, bow. Back, stern. If ya don't get it right, squirt, I throw your ass out the little round window on the side.

§Jaws ¤ Ellen Brody: Wanna get drunk and fool around? Brody: Oh Yeah.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: You wanna drink? Drink to your leg. Hooper: I'll drink to your leg. Quint: Okay, so we drink to our legs! [both laugh]

§Jaws ¤ [first lines] Tom Cassidy: What's your name again? Christine 'Chrissie' Watkins: Chrissie. Tom Cassidy: Where are we going? Christine 'Chrissie' Watkins: Swimming!

§Jaws ¤ Quint: [trying to hurry Brody into the boat] Come on Chief, this isn't no boy scout picnic. See ya' got ya' rubbers! [Quint laughs wildly]

§Jaws ¤ Quint: [talking Brody through making knots] Little brown eel comes out of the cave... Swims into the hole... Comes out of the hole... Goes back into the cave again... It's not too good is it Chief? [Refering to Brody's messed up knot]

§Jaws ¤ Quint: You have city hands, Mr. Hooper. You been countin' money all your life. Hooper: All right, all right! Hey, I don't need this... I don't need this working-class-hero crap!

§Jaws ¤ Quint: I'm not talkin' 'bout pleasure boatin' or day sailin'. I'm talkin' 'bout workin' for a livin'. I'm talkin' 'bout sharkin'!

§Jaws ¤ Brody: [to Mayor Vaughn, after the shark attack on July Fourth] Larry, the summer is over. You're the mayor of "shark city". These people think you want the beaches open.

§Jaws ¤ Quint: [as he spots Hooper sitting on the deck playing solitaire] Stop playin' with yourself, Hooper.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: You see, boys forget what their country means by just reading The Land of the Free in history books. Then they get to be men they forget even more. Liberty's too precious a thing to be buried in books, Miss Saunders. Men should hold it up in front of them every single day of their lives and say: I'm free to think and to speak. My ancestors couldn't, I can, and my children will. Boys ought to grow up remembering that.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: I guess this is just another lost cause Mr. Paine. All you people don't know about lost causes. Mr. Paine does. He said once they were the only causes worth fighting for and he fought for them once. For the only reason any man ever fights for them. Because of just one plain simple rule. Love thy neighbor. And in this world today of great hatred a man who knows that rule has a great trust. You know that rule Mr. Paine and I loved you for it just as my father did. And you know that you fight harder for the lost causes than for any others. Yes you'd even die for them. Like a man we both knew Mr. Paine. You think I'm licked. You all think I'm licked. Well I'm not licked. And I'm gonna stay right here and fight for this lost cause. Even if this room gets filled with lies like these. And the Taylors and all their armies come marching into this place. Somebody will listen to me. [he collapses]

§Mr ¤ Senator Joseph Paine: Let me go! I'm not fit to be a senator! I'm not fit to live! Expel me, not him! Willet Dam is a fraud! It's a crime against the people who sent me here - and I committed it! Every word that boy said is the truth! Every word about Taylor and me and graft and the rotten political corruption of my state! Every word of it is true! I'm not fit for office! I'm not fit for any place of honor or trust! Expel me, not that boy!

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: I wouldn't give you two cents for all your fancy rules if, behind them, they didn't have a little bit of plain, ordinary, everyday kindness and a little looking out for the other fella, too.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: [His voice very hoarse] Just get up off the ground, that's all I ask. Get up there with that lady that's up on top of this Capitol dome, that lady that stands for liberty. Take a look at this country through her eyes if you really want to see something. And you won't just see scenery; you'll see the whole parade of what Man's carved out for himself, after centuries of fighting. Fighting for something better than just jungle law, fighting so's he can stand on his own two feet, free and decent, like he was created, no matter what his race, color, or creed. That's what you'd see. There's no place out there for graft, or greed, or lies, or compromise with human liberties. And, uh, if that's what the grownups have done with this world that was given to them, then we'd better get those boys' camps started fast and see what the kids can do. And it's not too late, because this country is bigger than the Taylors, or you, or me, or anything else. Great principles don't get lost once they come to light. They're right here; you just have to see them again!

§Mr ¤ [after all the other Senators walk out] Jefferson Smith: Oh, Mr. President, we seem to be alone. I, I'm not complaining for a social reason; it's just, I think it'd be a pity if these gentlemen missed any of this, and... [Clarissa starts waving from the visitors gallery, and making hand signals] Jefferson Smith: And, uh... [he grabs the rule book] Jefferson Smith: I, I call the chair's attention to... to, uh... Rule 5 of the Standing Rules of the Senate, Section... Section 3. "If it shall be found that a quorum is not present, a majority of the Senators present" - and that looks like me - uh, uh, "may direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to request, and if necessary compel, the attendance of the absent Senators." Well, Mr. President, I so direct.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: Well, what do you expect me to do? An honorary stooge like me against the Taylors and Paines and machines and lies? Clarissa Saunders: Your friend, Mr. Lincoln had his Taylors and Paines. So did every other man who ever tried to lift his thought up off the ground. Odds against them didn't stop those men. They were fools that way. All the good that ever came into this world came from fools with faith like that. You know that, Jeff. You can't quit now. Not you. They aren't all Taylors and Paines in Washington. That kind just throw big shadows, that's all. You didn't just have faith in Paine or any other living man. You had faith in something bigger than that. You had plain, decent, everyday, common rightness, and this country could use some of that. Yeah, so could the whole cockeyed world, a lot of it. Remember the first day you got here? Remember what you said about Mr. Lincoln? You said he was sitting up there, waiting for someone to come along. You were right. He was waiting for a man who could see his job and sail into it, that's what he was waiting for. A man who could tear into the Taylors and root them out into the open. I think he was waiting for you, Jeff. He knows you can do it, so do I. Jefferson Smith: What? Do what, Saunders? Clarissa Saunders: You just make up your mind you're not gonna quit, and I'll tell you what. I've been thinking about it all the way back here. It's a forty foot dive into a tub of water, but I think you can do it.

§Mr ¤ [the filibuster begins] President of Senate: The Chair recognizes... Senator Smith! Jefferson Smith: Thank you, sir. Clarissa Saunders: Diz, here we go. Jefferson Smith: Well, I guess the gentlemen are in a pretty tall hurry to get me out of here. The way the evidence has piled up against me, I can't say I blame them much. And I'm quite willing to go, sir, when they vote it that way - but before that happens I've got a few things I want to say to this body. I tried to say them once before, and I got stopped colder than a mackerel. Well, I'd like to get them said this time, sir. And as a matter of fact, I'm not going to leave this body until I do get them said. Senator Joseph Paine: Mr. President, will the Senator yield? President of Senate: Will the Senator yield? Jefferson Smith: No, sir, I'm afraid not, no sir. I yielded the floor once before, if you can remember, and I was practically never heard of again. No sir. And we might as well all get together on this yielding business right off the bat, now. [laughter from the gallery] Jefferson Smith: Now, I had some pretty good coaching last night, and I find that if I yield only for a question or a point of order or a personal privilege, that I can hold this floor almost until doomsday. In other words, I've got a piece to speak, and blow hot or cold, I'm going to speak it. Senator Joseph Paine: Will the Senator yield? President of Senate: Will Senator Smith yield? Jefferson Smith: Yield how, sir? Senator Joseph Paine: Will he yield for a question? Jefferson Smith: For a question, all right.

§Mr ¤ Senator Joseph Paine: I wish to ask my distinguished colleague, has he one scrap of evidence to add now to the defense he did not give and could not give at that same hearing? Jefferson Smith: I have no defense against forged papers! Senator Joseph Paine: The Committee ruled otherwise! The gentleman stands guilty, as charged. And I believe I speak for every member when I say that no one cares to hear what a man of his condemned character has to say about any section of any legislation before this House. President of Senate: Order, order, gentlemen. Jefferson Smith: Mr. President, I stand guilty as FRAMED! Because section 40 is graft! And I was ready to say so, I was ready to tell you that a certain man in my state, a Mr. James Taylor, wanted to put through this dam for his own profit. A man who controls a political machine! And controls everything else worth controlling in my state. Yes, and a man even powerful enough to control Congressmen - and I saw three of them in his room the day I went up to see him! Senator Joseph Paine: Will the Senator yield? Jefferson Smith: No, sir, I will not yield! And this same man, Mr. James Taylor, came down here and offered me a seat in this Senate for the next 20 years if I voted for a dam that he knew, and I knew, was a fraud. But if I dared to open my mouth against that dam, he promised to break me in two.

§Mr ¤ Diz Moore: [dictating into phone] In protest, the whole Senate body rose and walked out. Clarissa Saunders: No! No, not that straight stuff. Now listen, kick it up, get on his side, fight for him! Understand? Diz Moore: You love this monkey - don't you? Clarissa Saunders: What do you think? Now listen, go to work. Do as I tell you. Diz Moore: [into phone] Throw out that last, take this. This is the most titanic battle of modern times. A David without even a slingshot rises to do battle against the mighty Goliath, the Taylor machine, allegedly crooked inside and out. Yeah, and for my money, you can cut out the "allegedly."

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: Boy, you should have been there! Clarissa Saunders: I know, it was a wonderful party, and your suit went over big, and she looked beautiful, and when you left she said, "Thank you, Mr. Smith," but it was the way she said it, you nearly fell through the floor. Horseradish!

§Mr ¤ Pageboy Richard Jones: Here you are Senator. Not a bad desk either. Daniel Webster used to use it. Jefferson Smith: Daniel Webster sat here? Pageboy Richard Jones: Give you something to shoot at, Senator. If you figure on doing any talking. Jefferson Smith: Oh, I'm just gonna sit around and listen. Pageboy Richard Jones: That's the way to get reelected!

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: My Dad had the right idea. He had it all worked out. He used to say to me, "Son, don't miss the wonders that surround you; because, every tree, every rock, every ant hill, every star is filled with the wonders of nature." And, he used to say to me, "Have you ever noticed how grateful you are to see daylight again after coming through a long, dark tunnel?" Well, he'd say, "Always try to see life around you, as if you'd just come out a tunnel."

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: [Pointing at his new desk at the Senate with great enthusiasm] This is Daniel Webster's desk. Did you know that? Senator Joseph Paine: Mhm! He wouldn't mind.

§Mr ¤ Senator Joseph Paine: He can raise public opinion against us - if any part of this sticks... James Taylor: Aah, he'll never get started. I'll make public opinion out there within five hours! I've done it all my life. I'll blacken this punk so that he'll - You leave public opinion to me. Now, Joe, I think you'd better go back into the Senate and keep those Senators lined up.

§Mr ¤ [last lines] Clarissa Saunders: [shouts] Yippee!

§Mr ¤ Clarissa Saunders: They're not letting what Jeff says get printed in the state. Now if I give you a raft of it over the phone, can you print it up and spread a billion copies? Swell! Get ready to take this down, Mrs. Smith. Ma Smith: Boys, everything about Jeff, get pencils and paper. Clarissa Saunders: Alright, here we go. Ma Smith: All ready, Clarissa. Clarissa Saunders: She called me Clarissa. Okay Ma! JEFF TELLS TRUTH, SHOWS UP TAYLOR!

§Mr ¤ Senate Minority Leader, Barnes: [Watches as Smith reads a note passed to him from the gallery] Does the gentleman wish to yield? Jefferson Smith: Yield? Oh, no. I feel fine! The Constitution of the United States! [Barnes throws both hands high in the air, turns away from Smith, then brings his arms down hard on his desk in frustration]

§Mr ¤ Clarissa Saunders: You're bill is ready. You take it over there and you introduce it. You get to your feet in the Senate and take a long breath and start spouting. But, not too loud, because a couple of the Senators might want to sleep. Then, a curly headed page boy takes it up to the desk where a long faced clerk reads it, refers it to the right committee, Jefferson Smith: Why? Clarissa Saunders: Look, committees are small groups of Senators that have to sift a bill down, look into it, study it, report to the whole Senate. You can't take a bill nobody ever heard about and discuss it among 96 men! Where would you get? Jefferson Smith: Yeah, I see. Clarissa Saunders: Good. Now, where are we? Jefferson Smith: Some committee's got it. Clarissa Saunders: Now, days have gone by Senator. Days. Weeks! Finally, they think its quite a bill. It goes over to the House of Representatives for debate and a vote. But, it has to wait its turn on the calendar. Jefferson Smith: The calendar? Clarissa Saunders: Yes. That's the order of business. Your bill has to stand way back there in line unless the steering committee thinks its important... Jefferson Smith: What's that? Clarissa Saunders: What? Jefferson Smith: Steering committee? Clarissa Saunders: You really think we're getting anywhere? Jefferson Smith: Oh, yes, Miss Sauders, now, tell me, what's the Steering committee? Clarissa Saunders: The committee of the majority party. They decide when a bill is important enough to be moved up to the head of the list. Jefferson Smith: Oh, this is! Clarissa Saunders: Pardon me, this is. Where are we now? Jefferson Smith: We're in the House. Clarissa Saunders: Oh, yeah, the House. More amendments. More changes and the bill goes back to the Senate, The Senate doesn't like what the House did to the bill, they make more changes. The House doesn't like those changes, stymied. Jefferson Smith: So? Clarissa Saunders: So, they appoint men from each House to go to a huddle called a caucus and they battle it out. Finally, if your bill is still alive after all this devastation, it comes to a vote. Yes sir, the big day finally arrives - and Congress adjourns. Catching on Senator?

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: I always get a great kick out of that part of the Declaration of Independence. You're not gonna have a country where these kind of rules work, if you haven't got men that have learned to tell human rights from a punch in the nose. [applause from the gallery] Jefferson Smith: It's a funny thing about men. They all start out being boys. I wouldn't be surprised if some of these Senators were boys once. That's why it seemed like a pretty good idea to get boys out of the crowded cities and stuffy basements for a couple of months out of the year. Build their bodies and minds for a man-sized job. Those boys will be sitting behind these desks some day. Yes, it seemed like a pretty good idea - boys from all over the country, of all nationalities and ways of life, getting together and finding out what makes different people tick the way they do. Because I wouldn't give you two cents for all your fancy rules if, behind them, they didn't have a little bit of plain, ordinary, everyday kindness... and a little looking out for the other fella, too. That's pretty important, all that. It's just the blood, bone and sinew of this democracy that some great men handed down to the human race, that's all! But, of course, if you've got to build a dam where a boys' camp ought to be to get some graft to pay off some political army or something, why that's different! [suddenly, with strength] Jefferson Smith: No, sir! If you think I'll go back and tell those boys in my state, "Forget it, fellas. Everything I've told you about the land you live in is a lot of hooey. It isn't your country - it belongs to the James Taylors!" Not me! Anybody who thinks that has got another think coming! [Jeff notices that none of the senators are really listening to him; he sharply whistles, startling the room of men out of their apathy] Jefferson Smith: That's all right. I just wanted to see whether you still had faces. [laughter from the gallery] Jefferson Smith: I'm sorry, gentlemen. I know I'm being disrespectful to this honorable body. A guy like me should never be allowed here in the first place! I hate to stand here and try your patience but... EITHER I'M DEAD RIGHT OR I'M CRAZY! Senate Minority Leader, Barnes: You wouldn't care to put that to a vote, would you, Senator? [this time, the Senators laugh]

§Mr ¤ [when Smith is announced as the newly appointed Senator] James Taylor: I want you to let the ballyhoo boys loose, plan a celebration, and declare a holiday.

§Mr ¤ Clarissa Saunders: When Foley died, why didn't I clear out? How many times have you heard me say "I'm fed up with politics and I"... No, I let him talk me into staying. Secretary to a leader of little squirts! Why? Because I need the job and a new suit of clothes! Diz Moore: Would you settle for a husband? Clarissa Saunders: Mmm, I sure would! [suddenly realizes he's referring to himself] Clarissa Saunders: Huh? Diz Moore: You know my old standing offer. Diz Moore, poet of Washington correspondents. Clarissa Saunders: [smiling] Oh, that again. Diz Moore: I'd cherish you - and I'd stay sober. Clarissa Saunders: Oh, Diz, you're a wonderful egg. I don't know, maybe if I saw you once with your hair combed or something... [Diz sheepishly finger combs his hair] Clarissa Saunders: [laughs] No, I don't even think that would do it.

§Mr ¤ Senator Joseph Paine: I know how you feel, Jeff. Thirty years ago - I had those ideals, too. I was *you*. I had to make the decision you were asked to make today. And I compromised - yes! So that all these years I could stay in that Senate - and serve the people in a thousand honest ways! You've got to face facts, Jeff. I've served our state well, haven't I? We have the lowest unemployment and the highest federal grants. But, well, I've had to compromise, had to play ball. You can't count on people voting, half the time they don't vote, anyway. That's how states and empires have been built since time began. Don't you understand? Well, Jeff, you can take my word for it, that's how things are. Now I've told you all this because - well, I've grown very fond of you - about like a son - in fact, and I don't want to see you get hurt. Now, when that deficiency bill comes up in the Senate tomorrow, you stay away from it. Don't say a word. Great powers are behind it, and they'll destroy you before you can even get started. For your own sake, Jeff, and for the sake of my friendship with your father, please, don't say a word.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: I can promise you one thing, I'll do nothing to disgrace the office of - the United States Senate.

§Mr ¤ Bill Griffith: Welcome, Senator. The wildlife around here is a little different from what you're used to - they wear high heels.

§Mr ¤ Clarissa Saunders: Diz, what do you think? Daniel Boone's lost. Diz Moore: No? Clarissa Saunders: Lost in the wilds of Washington. Diz Moore: Well, if your boy friend's gonna blaze trails, I'm going over to the Press Club. Clarissa Saunders: Aw, stick around. He might want us all to put on short pants and go out hiking. You wouldn't want to miss the exercise. Diz Moore: Every time I think of exercise, I have to lie right down until the feeling leaves me. Say, wouldn't it be funny if he was lost? Clarissa Saunders: The Boy Ranger? Oh, he'll show up. He must have a compass with him.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: I-I-I don't think I've ever been so thrilled in my whole life. And that Lincoln Memorial! Gee whiz. That Mr. Lincoln, there he is. He's just lookin' right straight at you as you come right up those steps. Just - just sitting there, like he was waiting for somebody to come along.

§Mr ¤ Clarissa Saunders: I'm still asking myself, what is he? Animal, vegetable or mineral? Diz Moore: Maybe he's an oyster.

§Mr ¤ Senator Joseph Paine: Now, then, Saunders. You stop this nonsense and go back to Smith's office and go to work and get him to the Senate by twelve o'clock. Clarissa Saunders: Look, Senator, I wasn't given a brain just to tell a Boy Ranger what time it is.

§Mr ¤ Clarissa Saunders: Look, when I came here, my eyes were big blue question marks. Now, they're big green dollar marks. Senator Joseph Paine: Smart, girl, eh. All right. Finish this job properly and you get a handsome bonus. And by properly, I mean keep Smith away from anything that smacks of politics.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: What's your first name? Clarissa Saunders: Why? Jefferson Smith: Well, I, eh, everybody just calls you plain Saunders. Clarissa Saunders: Well, I also answer to whistles.

§Mr ¤ Diz Moore: What did you get me outta bed for? Clarissa Saunders: Shhh. Sit tight. The show's about to commence. Diz Moore: Do mind telling me what's about to go on around here? Clarissa Saunders: Certainly. Now, there's the principal actor in our little play: Don Quixote Smith - man with bill. Over here, one of the supporting characters. Diz Moore: Who? Clarissa Saunders: That gorilla in man's clothing: McGann. Diz Moore: Oh, you mean, puss in boots. Clarissa Saunders: Yeah, mostly puss. Aw, another prominent character in our play, the silver knight, soul of honor on a tightrope. Diz Moore: You wouldn't be a little bit goofy, would you? Clarissa Saunders: Diz, Don Quixote with bill will get to his feet in a minute and speak two important words: Willet Creek. When that happens, the sliver knight will fall off his tightrope and puss will jump outta his boots.

§Mr ¤ Clarissa Saunders: Sicking that horrible dame on him - when he's goofy about her. Diz Moore: What dame? Clarissa Saunders: Paine!

§Mr ¤ Diz Moore: Better be nice to that gal. The latest poll makes her old man the party choice for the White House. She may be the next First Lady of the land. Clarissa Saunders: Imagine reading, "My Day by Susan Paine in the neck." He isn't gonna be hurt enough as it is, she has to twist a knife in him too... jackass. "I'll turn my glamour on him," she says. Diz Moore: Oh, forget it. What's it to you? Clarissa Saunders: Nothing, I'm just... Diz Moore: Okay, okay. Then, stop worrying. I told you the dopes are going to inherit the earth anyway. Clarissa Saunders: I wonder, Diz, if this Don Quixote hasn't got the jump on all of us. I wonder if it isn't a curse to go through life wised up like you and me. Diz Moore: Now, look here kid. If you're going to wonder, let's go down and do it over a hunk of steak, huh? Come on, snap out of it. Drink up! Here's to bigger and better dopes. Clarissa Saunders: And to Don Quixote.

§Mr ¤ H.V. Kaltenborn, Himself: [Speaking into a CBS Radio microphone] This is H.V. Kaltenborn speaking. Half of official Washington is here to see democracy's finest show: the filibuster. The right to talk your head off. The American privilege of free speech in its most dramatic form. The least man in that chamber, once he gets and holds that floor, by the rules, can hold it and talk as long as he can stand on his feet. Providing always; first, that he does not sit down, second, that he does not leave the chamber or stop talking. The galleries are packed! In the diplomatic gallery, are the envoys of two dictator powers. They have come here to see what they can't see at home: democracy in action.

§Mr ¤ [Diz and Saunders are commiserating their sorrows over drinks] Clarissa Saunders: Do you know how I felt, Diz? Diz Moore: No. How'd you feel? Quick. Clarissa Saunders: I felt just like a mother sending the kid off to school for the first time. Watching her little fella toddling off in his best bib and tucker. Hoping he can stand up to the other kids.

§Mr ¤ Flood - Newsman: Have a drink, Senator! Sweeney Farrell - Newsman: It'll taste better than the truth.

§Mr ¤ Nosey: [First lines] [On the phone] Nosey: Senator Samuel Foley. Dead. Yeah. Yeah. Died a minute ago. Here at St. Vincent. At the bedside was state political sidekick, Senator Joseph Paine. Yeah.

§Mr ¤ Chick McGann: Relax, Happy. Stop havin' kittens.

§Mr ¤ Senator Joseph Paine: Jim, suppose we don't try to go through with this Dam? Suppose we postpone it until next session of Congress? Or, drop it altogether? James Taylor: Oh, that'd be a crime, Joe. After all the work we've put in on it? Getting buried in this Deficiency Bill - as nicely as you please. Having it approved. It's rolling along. It was like taking candy from a baby. Senator Joseph Paine: Is it worth the risk of a scandal?

§Mr ¤ James Taylor: I think we've got your man - Horace Miller. Governor Hopper: Horace Miller! Chick McGann: A born stooge! Why, ole Horace will preform like a trained seal.

§Mr ¤ Governor Hopper: But, Jim, if I throw a party man, like Horace Miller, in the face of those people... James Taylor: For reasons I can't go into now, it's got to be Horace Miller. Do you understand? I've given you the man, now make out your ticket.

§Mr ¤ Governor Hopper: I won't let you stand there callously and perhaps wreck my whole political future! James Taylor: Your political future? Why, I bought it for you. I gave it to you as a present and I can grab it back so fast it'll make your head swim! You've got a nerve to sit there and worry about your political future, when we're in a spot like this!

§Mr ¤ Governor Hopper: Well, forgive my abysmal ignorance, but I don't know this Jefferson Smith from a hole in the ground.

§Mr ¤ Governor Hopper: That settles it! I will not be attacked and belittled by my own children in my own home! Oh, my nerves are strained to the breaking point! Mrs. Hopper: Oh, Hubert.

§Mr ¤ James Taylor: A Boy Ranger? A squirrel chaser to the United States Senate? Governor Hopper: Listen, Jim, a simpleton of all times. A big eyed baby. Knows Lincoln and Washington by heart. Stands at attention in the Governor's presence. He even collects stray boys and cats. James Taylor: He does what?

§Mr ¤ James Taylor: Chick, turn the ballyhoo boys loose. Its the greatest appointment ever made. Give a banquet and declare a holiday. Governor Hopper: A star spangled banquet! Chick McGann: Wow!

§Mr ¤ Governor Hopper: It is in that spirit that we gather here tonight, to acclaim and wish God's speed to Senator Jefferson Smith! [Crowd roars] Jefferson Smith: Thank you. I-I I-I can't help feeling that there's been a big mistake somehow.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: I suppose, Mr. Paine, when a fellow bucks up against a big organization like that, that one man by himself can't get very far, can he? Senator Joseph Paine: No.

§Mr ¤ Jefferson Smith: Things sure happen fast around here, don't they? Chick McGann: Yeah, you'll have to get yourself out of low gear, Senator.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [about the Night Fury] I really did hit one. Gobber: Sure. Hiccup: He never listens! Gobber: Well, it runs in the family. Hiccup: And when he does, it's always with this... disappointed scowl, like someone skimped on the meat in his sandwich. [imitating] Hiccup: "Excuse me, barmaid! I'm afraid you brought me the wrong offspring! I ordered an extra-large boy with beefy arms, extra guts and glory on the side. This here, this is a talking fish-bone!" Gobber: Now, you're thinkin' about this all wrong. It's not so much what you *look* like, it's what's *inside* that he can't stand. [pause] Hiccup: [sarcastic] Thank you for summing that up. Gobber: Look the point is, stop trying so hard to be something you're not! Hiccup: I just wanna be one of you guys!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Astrid: It's a mess. You must feel horrible. You've lost everything. Your father, your tribe, your best friend... Hiccup: Thank you for summing that up. [silence] Hiccup: Why couldn't I have killed that dragon when I found him in the woods? Would've been better, for everyone... Astrid: Yep. The rest of us would have done it. So why didn't you? [pauses] Astrid: Why didn't you? Hiccup: I don't know... I couldn't. Astrid: That's not an answer. Hiccup: *Why* is this so important to you all of a sudden? Astrid: Because I want to remember what you say, *right now*. Hiccup: Oh, for the love of... I was a coward! I was weak! I wouldn't kill a dragon! Astrid: You said *wouldn't*, that time. Hiccup: Agh, whatever... I *wouldn't*! Three hundred years, and I'm the first Viking who wouldn't kill a dragon! [pause] Astrid: First to ride one, though. So...? Hiccup: I wouldn't kill him, because he looked as frightened as *I* was. I looked at him... and I saw myself.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [last lines] Hiccup: This is Berk. It snows nine months of the year, and hails the other three. Any food that grows here is tough and tasteless. The people that grow here are even more so. The only upsides are the pets. While other places have ponies or parrots... we have... dragons.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Astrid: [about Toothless] I bet he's really frightened now... what are you gonna do about it? Hiccup: Ehhh... probably something stupid. Astrid: Good, but you've already done that... Hiccup: [after a pause] Then something crazy...! [he runs off] Astrid: *That's* more like it! [she follows him]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [about the dragons] Everything we know about you guys is wrong.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Astrid: [punches Hiccup] That's for kidnapping me. [Kisses Hiccup] Astrid: That's for everything else.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Astrid: [punches Hiccup] That's for scaring me! Hiccup: Oh wha- wait, what is it always going to be this way? 'Cause... [Astrid grabs him and kisses him deeply] Hiccup: ...I could get used to it.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Astrid: [hanging from a tree branch] Hiccup! Get me *down* from here! Hiccup: [pleading] You have to give me a chance to explain! Astrid: I am not listening to *anything* you have to say! Hiccup: Then I won't speak. Just let me *show* you. Please, Astrid. [Astrid lifts herself up and gingerly climbs onto Toothless's back] Astrid: Now get me down. Hiccup: Toothless, down. *Gently.* [Toothless spreads his wings, and the wind slowly lifts them into the air] Hiccup: See? Nothing to be afraid of... [Toothless launches himself into the sky at top speed, Astrid screams] Hiccup: Augh! Toothless! What is *wrong* with you? Bad dragon! A-ha, he's uh, he's not usually like this... Oh no... [Toothless rolls to the side and dives straight down, plunging in and out of the waves; Astrid screams] Hiccup: Toothless, what are you doing, we need her to *like* us! [Toothless soars up again and starts doing aileron rolls] Hiccup: And now, the spinning. Thank you for *nothing*, you useless reptile! Astrid: [terrified] Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Just get me off of this thing! [Toothless looks back at her, pleased, then spreads his wings and rises gently into the sky]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [first lines] Hiccup: [voice-over] This is Berk. It's twelve days north of Hopeless and a few degrees south of Freezing to Death. It's located solidly on the Meridian of Misery. My village. In a word? Sturdy. It's been here for seven generations, but every single building is new. We have fishing, hunting, and a charming view of the sunsets. The only problems are the pests. You see, most places have mice or mosquitoes... We have... [aloud, as he slams the door against an attacking Monstrous Nightmare] Hiccup: Dragons!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: [to Toothless] Thank you, for saving my son. Gobber: [grimacing] Well, you know... *most* of him.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [about Berk's dragon problem] Most people would leave. Not us. We're Vikings. We... have stubbornness issues.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [as Toothless gestures for him to get on] You got it, bud. [He mounts Toothless, preparing to fly after the Green Death dragon] Stoick: [grabbing Hiccup's arm] Hiccup!... I'm sorry. For-for everything. Hiccup: Yeah, me too. Stoick: You don't have to go up there. Hiccup: [smiling] We're Vikings. It's an occupational hazard. Stoick: [taking his hand] I'm proud to call you my son. Hiccup: Thanks, Dad. [takes off]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Tuffnut: [after Astrid falls on top of Hiccup during dragon training] Ooooh, love on the battlefield! Ruffnut: She could do better.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: Turns out all we needed was a little more of... [gestures to Hiccup] Stoick: This! Hiccup: You just gestured to all of me!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [riding on Toothless's back with Hiccup] Astrid: All right, I admit it. This is pretty cool. It's... *amazing*. He's amazing.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Fishlegs: I'm okay! [the Gronkle he's riding flips over and lands on top of him] Fishlegs: Less okay!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Snotlout: Watch out babe, I'll take care of this. [Throws weapon at Deadly Nadder but misses; Astrid glares at him] Snotlout: The *sun* was in my eyes, Astrid! What do you want me to do, block out the sun? I can do that, but I don't have the time right now!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [to Toothless] We're leaving! Let's pack up. Looks like you and me are taking a little vacation. Forever. [he bends over his pack] Hiccup: Ah man. [looking up, he sees Astrid sitting on a boulder, sharpening her axe] Hiccup: Agh! What the... uh, uh, what are you doing here? Astrid: I want to know what's going on. [she jumps down and menaces him with the axe] Astrid: No one just *gets* as good as you do. *Especially* you. Start talking! Are you training with someone? Hiccup: Uh, uh, training? I didn't... Astrid: [grabbing his flight gear] It better not involve *this*... Hiccup: I, I know, this... looks really bad, but, you see, this is uh... [there's a rustling behind them and she looks over his shoulder toward the noise] Hiccup: [trying to distract her] Uh, you're right! You're right, you're right. I, I'm through with the lies, I've been making... outfits! So, you got me. It's time everyone knew. Drag me back, go ahead... here we go... [she twists his arm, throwing him to the ground] Hiccup: OW! Why would you *do* that? Astrid: That's for the lies! And *that's*... [she drops the butt of her axe on his chest] Astrid: ... for everything else! [Toothless emerges a few feet away] Hiccup: Oh man... Astrid: [gasps and throws them both to the ground] Get down! [Toothless charges, she pushes Hiccup away and raises her axe] Astrid: RUN! RUN! Hiccup: [grabbing the axe and throwing it away] No! No! It's okay, it's okay! [to Toothless] Hiccup: She's a friend. [to Astrid, holding Toothless back] Hiccup: You scared him. Astrid: *I* scared *him*? Who is "him"? Hiccup: Uh... Astrid, Toothless! Toothless, Astrid. [Toothless snarls, Astrid shakes her head in bewilderment and runs off] Hiccup: Duh-duh-duh, we're dead!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [Stoick has just thrust a large battle axe into his hands] I... don't wanna fight dragons. Stoick: [chuckles] Oh, come on, yes you do. Hiccup: Rephrase: Dad, I *can't* kill dragons. Stoick: But you *will* kill dragons! Hiccup: No, I'm really, very extra sure that I *won't*. Stoick: It's time, Hiccup... Hiccup: Can you not *hear* me? Stoick: This is *serious*, son. When you carry this axe, you carry all of us with you. Which means, you walk like us, you talk like us, and you think like us. No more of... this! [gestures to all of Hiccup] Hiccup: [miffed] You just gestured to *all* of me. Stoick: Deal? Hiccup: This conversation is feeling very one-sided... Stoick: *Deal*? Hiccup: [sighs, giving in] Deal.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [Hiccup prepares to open one of the dragon pens] Fishlegs: If you're planning on getting eaten, I'd definitely go with the Gronkle. [Hiccup turns in surprise and sees his entire class lined up behind him] Tuffnut: [approaching] You were wise to seek help from the world's most deadly weapon... Hiccup: Um... Tuffnut: It's me. Snotlout: [shoves Tuffnut aside] I love this plan! Hiccup: I... didn't... Ruffnut: [shoves Snotlout aside] You're crazy! [leans in, flirtatiously] Ruffnut: I like that... Astrid: [firmly yanks her away] So... what is the plan?

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [narrating] My name's Hiccup. Great name, I know. But, it's not the worst. Parents believe a hideous name will frighten off gnomes and trolls. Like our charming Viking demeanor wouldn't do that. Viking: [screams in Hiccup's face] RAAAAHHHR! [casually] Viking: Morning!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: Aw, come on, let me out, please? I need to make my mark! Gobber: Oh, you've made plenty of marks! All in the wrong places! Hiccup: Please, two minutes! I'll kill a dragon, my life will get infinitely better... I might even get a date! Gobber: You can't lift a hammer, you can't swing an axe, you can't even throw one of these! [holds up a set of bolas] Hiccup: [gesturing to a catapult machine of his own making] Okay fine, but this will throw it for me! [He touches the machine and it fires a set of bolas through the window, knocking out another Viking] Gobber: See, now this right here is what I'm talkin' about! Hiccup: It, it... mild calibration issue, I... Gobber: Don't you... no, Hiccup! If you ever want to get out there to fight dragons, you need to stop all... this. [gestures to all of Hiccup] Hiccup: But you just pointed to all of me! Gobber: Yes! That's it! Stop being all of you! Hiccup: [annoyed, squinting sideways at him] Oh... Gobber: Oh, yeah! Hiccup: You, sir, are playing a dangerous game! Keeping this much raw... viking-ness... contained! There'll be consequences! Gobber: [deadpan] I'll take my chances. [heaves a dented sword into Hiccup's hands] Gobber: Sword. Sharpened. Now.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [offering the Night Fury a fish, Hiccup gets a good look inside his mouth] Hiccup: Huh. Toothless. I could've sworn you had... [Toothless' teeth pop out and he snatches the fish from Hiccup's hand] Hiccup: ...Teeth.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: [as Hiccup tries to sneak past] Hiccup. Hiccup: Dad! Uh, I have to talk to you, Dad. Stoick: I need to speak with you too, son. [They both take deep breaths, then both speak at once] Stoick: I think it's time you learned to fight dragons. Hiccup: I've decided I don't want to fight dragons. [then] Stoick, Hiccup: What? Stoick: Uh, you go first. Hiccup: No no, no, *you* go first. Stoick: All right. You get your wish. Dragon training. You start in the morning. Hiccup: Oh, man, I should have gone first... Because, I was thinking, you know, we have a surplus of dragon-fighting Vikings, but do we have enough... *bread-making* Vikings, or small home-repair Vikings...?

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [Walking through the forest and crossing out his map] Oh, the gods hate me. Some people lose their knife or their mug... No, not me, I manage to lose an entire *dragon*? [Hits a branch and it lashes back, smacking him in the face]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [during dragon training, the twins grab the same shield] Tuffnut: Get your hands off my shield! Ruffnut: There's like a million shields! Tuffnut: Take that one, it has a flower on it. Girls like flowers. Ruffnut: [hits Tuffnut with the shield] Oops! Now this one has blood on it.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Gobber: Look for its blind spot! Every dragon has one. Find it, hide in it, and strike! [Tuffnut and Ruffnut huddle in front of the dragon's face] Ruffnut: [sniffing] Whoa! Do you *ever* bathe? Tuffnut: You don't like it, then just get your own blind spot! [they shove at each other] Ruffnut: How about I give *you* one...! [the dragon blasts fire at them, they run for cover] Gobber: Blind spot, yes. Deaf spot... Not so much.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [reading in the Dragon Manual] Dragon classifications. Strength Class, Fear Class, Mystery Class. Thunderdrum: This reclusive dragon inhabits sea caves and dark tide pools. When startled, the Thunderdrum produces a concussive sound that can kill a man at close range. Extremely dangerous, kill on sight. [turns page] Hiccup: Timberjack: This gigantic creature has razor-sharp wings that can slice through full-grown trees. Extremely dangerous, kill on sight. [turns page] Hiccup: Scaldron: Sprays scalding water at its victim, extremely dangerous... [thunder, Hiccup jumps] Hiccup: Changeling: Even newly hatched dragons can spray acid, kill on sight. [flipping pages faster] Hiccup: Gronkles, Zippleback, the Skrill... Boneknapper... Whispering Death... Burns its victims, buries its victims, chokes its victims, turns its victims inside-out... Extremely dangerous, extremely dangerous... kill on sight, kill on sight, kill on sight... Night Fury. Speed unknown. Size unknown. The unholy offspring of lightning and death itself. Never engage this dragon. Your only chance: hide and pray it does not find you.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [during the final rounds of dragon training, Astrid notices Hiccup next to her and yanks his shield down, thrusting her face next to his] Astrid: Stay out of my way! I'm winning this thing! Hiccup: Uh... please, by all means. [Astrid approaches the Gronkle stealthily] Astrid: This time! This time, for sure! [She springs up and charges with a yell... only to see that Hiccup has already "subdued" it. The crowd cheers] Astrid: [swinging her axe wildly in anger] NO! YOU SON OF A HALF-TROLL, RAT-EATING, MUNGE-BUCKET!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [to Stoick] Thanks for stopping by and for the, uh, the breast-hat...

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [seeing Toothless down, with Hiccup nowhere in sight] Stoick: [kneeling beside Toothless] Oh, son... I did this. [Toothless stirs and opens his eyes, looking at Stoick] Stoick: I'm s... I'm so sorry. [Toothless rolls to the side and lifts his wings, revealing Hiccup clutched in his arms] Stoick: Hiccup! [Stoick picks him up, puts an ear to his chest and laughs with relief] Stoick: Ah, he's *alive*! You brought him back alive! [Vikings cheer]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Fishlegs: [being chased by a Nadder] AHHH! I'm *really* beginning to question your teaching methods.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Gobber: Oh, nice of you to join the party! I thought you'd been carried off! Hiccup: Who, me? Nah, come on! I'm way too muscular for their taste! They wouldn't know what to do with... all this! [gesturing to himself and flexing] Gobber: Well, they need toothpicks, don't they?

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Gobber: Behind these doors are just a few of the many species you will learn to fight. The Deadly Nadder... Fishlegs: [speaking rapidly] Speed Eight, Armor Sixteen... Gobber: The Hideous Zippleback... Fishlegs: Plus Eleven Stealth, times Two... Gobber: The Monstrous Nightmare... Fishlegs: Firepower Fifteen... Gobber: The Terrible Terror... Fishlegs: Attack Eight, Venom Twelve... Gobber: [shouts] Can you stop that? [normal voice] Gobber: And... the Gronckle! Fishlegs: [whispering to Hiccup] Jaw Strength Eight.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [Hiccup finds the downed Night Fury] Hiccup: Oh, wow... I-I did it! Oh, I did it! This, this fixes everything! *Yes*! I have brought down this mighty beast...! [he places a foot on the Night Fury and it stirs, making him jump back in alarm; he pulls out his small knife and approaches cautiously, looking the dragon in the eyes] Hiccup: [breathing nervously] I'm gonna kill you dragon. I'm gonna... I'm gonna cut out your heart and take it to my father. I'm a Viking. I am a *Viking*! [He takes a deep breath and raises the knife; their eyes meet, the dragon's wide and frightened; Hiccup shakes himself and lifts the knife higher as the dragon goes limp; Hiccup drops his arm, frustrated, and looks from the knife to the dragon] Hiccup: [remorseful] I did this... [he kneels and cuts the ropes, freeing the dragon]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Snotlout: If that dragon shows either of its faces, I'm gonna... there! [He and Tuffnut throw their buckets of water] Ruffnut, Astrid: AH! [the gas clears] Ruffnut: Hey! It's us, idiots! Tuffnut: Your butts are getting bigger! We thought you were a dragon! [laughs] Snotlout: Not that there's anything wrong with a dragon-esque fig... [Astrid punches Snotlout, Ruffnut throws her bucket at Tuffnut's head]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Gobber: Remember, a dragon will always, *always*... go for the kill. [cut to Hiccup in the forest where he freed the Night Fury] Hiccup: [picking up the cut bolas] So why didn't you?

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: [presenting Hiccup with a helmet] Your mother would have wanted you to have it. It's half of her breastplate. [Hiccup quickly takes his hand off the helmet] Stoick: [tapping his own helmet] Matching set. Keeps her... keeps her close, you know.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: Either we finish them, or they'll finish us! It's the only way we'll be rid of them! If we find the nest and destroy it, the dragons will leave. They'll find another home! One more search, before the ice sets in. Viking: Those ships never come back! Stoick: We're Vikings! It's an occupational hazard. So, who's with me? [Muttering and mumbling, most of the Vikings decline] Stoick: All right. Those who stay will look after Hiccup. Viking: To the ships! Viking: I'm with you, Stoick! Stoick: Aye, that's more like it.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [watching the dragons take off with their livestock] Okay, but I hit a Night Fury. [Stoick grabs him and begins hauling him up the hill] Hiccup: Ahh, it's not like the last few times, Dad, I mean, I *really* actually hit it! You guys were busy and I had a very clear shot, it went down just off Raven Point. Let's get a search party out there before it... Stoick: STOP! Just... stop. Everytime you step outside, disaster falls. Can you not see that I have bigger problems? Winter is almost here and I have an entire village to feed! Hiccup: Eh, between you and me, the village could do with a little *less* feeding, don't you think? [the Vikings behind him touch their stomachs self-consciously] Stoick: This isn't a joke, Hiccup! Agh, why can't you follow the simplest orders? Hiccup: I - I can't stop myself! I see a dragon and I have to just... kill it, you know? It's who I am, Dad. Stoick: Oh, you are many things, Hiccup. But a dragon killer is not one of them. Get back to the house. [to Gobber] Stoick: Make sure he gets there! I have his mess to clean up. [Gobber smacks Hiccup upside the head to get him walking] Tuffnut: [to Hiccup] Quite the performance. Snotlout: I've never seen anyone mess up that badly. That *helped*! Hiccup: Thank you, thank you, I was trying, so...

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: [about Hiccup] What am I going to do with him, Gobber? Gobber: Put 'im in training with the others. Stoick: No, I'm serious! Gobber: So am I! Stoick: He'd be killed before you let the first dragon out of its cage! Gobber: Ah, you don't know that. Stoick: I do know that. Gobber: No you don't. Stoick: No, actually, I do. Gobber: No, you don't! Stoick: Listen, you know what he's like. From the time he could crawl he's been... different. He doesn't listen, he has the attention span of a sparrow... I take him fishing and he goes hunting for, for trolls! Gobber: Trolls exist! They steal your socks. But only the left ones. What's with that? Stoick: When I was a boy... Gobber: Oh here we go. Stoick: ...my father told me to bang my head against a rock and I did it! I thought I was crazy, but I didn't question him. And you know what happened? Gobber: You got a headache. Stoick: That rock split in two! It taught me what a Viking can do, Gobber, he can, he can crush mountains, level forests, tame seas! Even as a boy, I knew what I was, what I had to become... Hiccup is not that boy. Gobber: You can't stop him, Stoick. You can only prepare him. I know it seems hopeless, but the truth is you won't always be around to protect him! He's going to get out there again. He's probably out there now!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [repeated line] Tuffnut: Oh, I'm hurt! I am very much hurt!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Astrid: Careful with that dragon. Hiccup: [looking at his father] It's... not the dragon I'm worried about. Astrid: What are you gonna do? Hiccup: Put an end to this. I have to try. Astrid, if something... goes wrong, just make sure they don't find Toothless. Astrid: I will. Just... promise me it won't go wrong.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Gobber: Meet the Terrible Terror! Tuffnut: Ha! It's like the size of my... [the Terror leaps onto his face] Tuffnut: OH, GET IT OFF!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ [a Gronkle is let out into the training ring] Gobber: Today is about survival. If you get blasted, you're dead. Quick! What's the first thing you're going to need? Hiccup: A doctor? Fishlegs: Plus five speed? Astrid: A shield! Gobber: Shield! Go! [the teens scramble around to grab shields] Gobber: Your most important piece of equipment is your shield! If you must make a choice between a sword or a shield, take the shield!

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Fishlegs: [to Tuffnut] Your mom let you get a tattoo? Tuffnut: It's not a tattoo, it's a birth mark! Ruffnut: Okay, I've been stuck with you since birth and that was never there before. Tuffnut: Yes it was! You've just never seen me from the left side until now.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: [sarcastically, as the dragons drop their kill into the glowing chasm of their nest] Oh, it's satisfying to know that all of our food has been dumped down a hole.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: Well, I can show my face in public again! If someone told me that in a few short weeks, Hiccup would go from, well, being, uh... *Hiccup*, to placing first in dragon training? Well, I would have tied him to a mast and shipped him off, for fear he'd gone mad! [laughter] Stoick: And you know it! But, here we are. And no one's more surprised... or more *proud*, than I am. Today, my boy becomes a Viking. Today, he becomes one of us! [cheering]

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Stoick: When we crack this mountain open, all hell is going to break loose. Gobber: And my undies. Good thing I brought extras.

§How to Train Your Dragon ¤ Hiccup: I knew it... I'm dead. Stoick: [laughing] No, but you gave it your best shot.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: The reason I forgive you is because you are not perfect. You are imperfect. And so am I. All humans are imperfect.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: When I was young, I invented an invisible friend called Mr Ravioli. My psychiatrist says I don't need him anymore, so he just sits in the corner and reads.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: I was born Jewish and used to believe in God but I've since read many books that have proven God is just a figment of my imagination. People like to believe in God 'cause it answers difficult questions, like where did the universe came from, do worms go to heaven and why do old ladies have blue hair. And even though I'm an atheist, I still wear my yarmulke as it keeps my brain warm.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: [in letter to Mary] I cannot understand how being honest can be considered improper. Maybe this is why I don't have any friends.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: [to Mary] You are my best friend. You are my only friend.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: Unfortunately, in America, babies are not found in cola cans. I asked my mother when I was four, and she said they came from eggs laid by rabbis. If you aren't Jewish, they're laid by Catholic nuns. If you're an atheist, they're laid by dirty, lonely prostitutes.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: Butts are bad because they wash out to sea, and fish smoke them and become nicotine-dependent. I am just joking, because of course it is impossible for a cigarette to remain lit underwater. Also, fish do not have pockets to keep cigarette lighters in.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: Not much has happened since I last wrote except for my manslaughter charges, lotto win, and Ivy's death.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: [to Mary] Dr. Bernard Hazelhof said if I was on a desert island, then I would have to get used to my own company - just me and the coconuts. He said I would have to accept myself, my warts and all, and that we don't get to choose our warts. They are part of us and we have to live with them. We can, however, choose our friends, and I am glad I have chosen you.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: People often think I am tactless and rude. I cannot understand how being honest can be improper. Maybe this is why I don't have any friends.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: Tell Bernie Clifford your birth mark is made of chocolate, which means when you get to heaven you will be in charge of all the chocolate. This of course is a lie, I do not like lies, but in this case I think it will be of benefit. I wish I could be in charge of all the chocolate, but of course I can not, because of my Atheism.

§Mary and Max ¤ Narrator: Max knew nothing about love. It was as foreign to him as a salad sandwich.

§Mary and Max ¤ Young Mary: [about Len Hislop] He's scared of outside, which is a disease called homophobia.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: I have also invented some new words. "Confuzzled", which is being confused and puzzled at the same time, "snirt", which is a cross between snow and dirt, and "smushables", which are squashed groceries you find at the bottom of the bag. I have sent a letter to the Oxford Dictionary people asking them to include my words but I have not heard back.

§Mary and Max ¤ Narrator: Max hoped Mary would write again. He'd always wanted a friend. A friend that wasn't invisible, a pet or rubber figurine.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: It would be good if there was a Fat Fairy. She would be a bit like the Tooth Fairy but would suck out your fat.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: Do you have a favourite-sounding word? My top-five are "ointment," "bumblebee," "Vladivostok," "banana," and "testicle."

§Mary and Max ¤ [last lines] Narrator: He smelled like licorice and old books, she thought to herself, as tears rolled from her eyes, the color of muddy puddles.

§Mary and Max ¤ Narrator: Max had trouble understanding non-verbal signals. Flirting was as foreign to him as jogging.

§Mary and Max ¤ [first lines] Narrator: Mary Dinkle's eyes were the color of muddy puddles. Her birthmark, the color of poo.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: Jurors are outstanding members of the community who haven't murdered anybody.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: [in letter to Mary] Recipes are like mathematical equations. Dr. Bernard Hazelhof told me you should never weigh more than your refrigerator, and to never eat anything bigger than your head. I once ate a watermelon bigger than my head, but not all at once.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: Dear Mary, please find enclosed my entire Noblet collection as a sign that I forgive you.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: My 5th job was a garbage collector. I cleaned up after litter bugs and didn't have to talk to anybody. Sometimes I liked to pretend I was an intergalactic robot.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: [to Mary] Have you ever been a communist? Have you ever been attacked by a crow or similar large bird?

§Mary and Max ¤ Narrator: [after describing Mary, he has moved to Max] Meanwhile, a man called Max Horowitz also watched "The Noblets." Max's small television had picture but no sound. His big television, sound but no picture.

§Mary and Max ¤ Max Jerry Horovitz: My third job was for a company that printed logos on novelty items. I worked at the frisbee-printing machine. A frisbee is a circular plastic disc that people throw at each other, that is like a boomerang but it does not come back.

§Mary and Max ¤ Narrator: Even though Max's letter smelt like fishheads and orange peel, Mary drank his words like a bowl of alphabet soup, and hadn't been this excited since Grandpoppy Ralph had found a coin up her nose.

§Mary and Max ¤ Ken: Born in a barn in the hills of Boronia, Ralph lived a long life and died of pneumonia.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: [narration] There's a point at 7,000 RPM... where everything fades. The machine becomes weightless. Just disappears. And all that's left is a body moving through space and time. 7,000 RPM. That's where you meet it. You feel it coming. It creeps up on you, close in your ear. Asks you a question. The only question that matters. Who are you?

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: We're lighter, we're faster, and if that don't work, we're nastier.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Phil Remington: [after Carroll steals two stopwatches from the Ferrari pit] Nice stopwatch. Carroll Shelby: Want one? They're Italian.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Shelby enters Henry II's office while a secretary hands Henry II a red folder] Carroll Shelby: Mr. Ford. Gentlemen. Henry Ford II: Shelby. [Henry II signals Shelby to move to the couch near him] Henry Ford II: Give me one reason why I don't fire everyone associated with this abomination starting with you. [pause, as Beebe picks up the red folder] Carroll Shelby: Well, sir... I was thinking about that very question as I sat out there in your lovely waiting room. [Shelby sits down] Carroll Shelby: As I was sitting there... I watched that little red folder right there go through four pairs of hands... before it got to you. 'Course that doesn't include the 22 or so other Ford employees who probably poked at it before it made its way up to the 19th floor. All due respect, sir, you can't win a race by committee. You need one man in charge. Now, the good news, as I see it, is that even with all the extra weight, we still manage to put old Mr. Ferrari exactly where we want him. Henry Ford II: Did we? Carroll Shelby: Oh, yes. Henry Ford II: Expand. Carroll Shelby: Well... sure, we hadn't... We haven't worked out how to corner yet. Or stay cool. Or stay on the ground. And a lot of stuff broke. In fact, the only thing that didn't break was the brakes. Hell, right now, we don't even know if our paint job will last the whole 24 hours. [pause] Carroll Shelby: But our last lap... we clocked 218 miles an hour down the Mulsanne Straight. Now, in all his years of racing... old Enzo ain't never seen anything move that fast. And now he knows, without a doubt, we're faster than he is. Even with the wrong driver... and all the committees. And that's what he's thinking about while he's sitting in Modena, Italy, right now. That man is scared to death... that this year, you actually might be smart enough to start trusting me. So, yeah. I say you got Ferrari exactly where you want him. You're welcome. [Henry II looks at Shelby and gets up, grabbing the red folder from Beebe and walking towards his windows] Henry Ford II: Come here. [Shelby approaches Henry II] Henry Ford II: See that little building down there? In World War II, three out of five U.S. bombers rolled off that line. You think Roosevelt beat Hitler? Think again. This isn't the first time Ford Motor's gone to war in Europe. We know how to do more than push paper. And there is one man running this company. You report to him. You understand me? Carroll Shelby: Yes, sir. Henry Ford II: Go ahead, Carroll. Go to war. Carroll Shelby: Thank you, sir.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Ken Miles: You're gonna build a car to beat Ferrari with... a Ford. Carroll Shelby: Correct. Ken Miles: And how long did they tell you that they need it? Two, three hundred years? Carroll Shelby: Ninety days. [Ken laughs hysterically]

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Shelby sees Enzo Ferrari arguing with his team] Carroll Shelby: I don't speak Italian, but he ain't happy.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Lee Iacocca: James Bond does not drive a Ford, sir. Henry Ford II: That's because he's a degenerate.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Ken Miles: If this were a beauty pageant, we just lost. Carroll Shelby: Looks aren't everything.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Lee Iacocca: Carroll Shelby. Carroll Shelby: Maybe? Lee Iacocca: Lee Iacocca, Ford Motors. Suppose Henry Ford II wanted to build the greatest race car the world's ever seen, to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans. What's it take? Carroll Shelby: Well, it takes somethin' money can't buy. Lee Iacocca: Well, it can buy speed. Carroll Shelby: It isn't about speed.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Ken Miles: Look out there. Out there is the perfect lap. You see it? Peter Miles: I think so. Ken Miles: Most people can't.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [During the Ford-Ferrari negotiations, Enzo Ferrari receives a message from Fiat. He begins to ask Iacocca questions in Italian] Ford Italian Translator - Gary: 'Only one small question. It concerns my race program.' [Enzo speaks in Italian] Ford Italian Translator - Gary: 'If I wish to race Le Mans, and you do not wish for me to race Le Mans... do we or do we not go?' [Iacocca gets up] Lee Iacocca: Look, in that highly unlikely scenario... if, uh, we just can't agree... then, yes. I mean, no. You are correct. You do not go. [Enzo's translator explains, but he stops her. He then gives Iacocca some scathing words in Italian] Ford Italian Translator - Gary: 'My integrity as a constructor, as a man, as an Italian, is deeply insulted by your proposal.' [Enzo gets up and puts on his jacket] Ford Italian Translator - Gary: 'Go back to Michigan. Back to your big, ugly factory. Back to your big, ugly factory, making its ugly, little cars.' [Enzo approaches Iacocca while speaking] Ford Italian Translator - Gary: 'Tell your pigheaded boss that all his, uh, smug executives are worthless sons of whores.' Enzo Ferrari: [in English] Tell him he's not Henry Ford. He's Henry Ford II. [Enzo turns to his associates] Enzo Ferrari: [in Italian] I'm starving. Let's go eat.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: When I was 10 years old, my Pops said, son it's a truly lucky man who knows what he wants to do in this world. 'Cause that man will never work a day in his life.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Miles and Peter enter the showroom to look at the new Ford Mustang] Peter Miles: Whoa. Dad, look at that. Hah. The Ford Mustang. What do you think? [Miles looks around the Mustang] Ken Miles: I think it's a secretary's car. Peter Miles: I like it. [Peter opens the passenger door and looks at the interior, alarming Beebe] Leo Beebe: Oh. Excu... Excuse me. Would you, would you not do that? Peter Miles: Oh. Sorry. [Peter closes the door as Miles looks at Beebe] Leo Beebe: Oh, er, is this, is this your son? Ken Miles: Yes, it is. Leo Beebe: Would you ask him to keep his hands off the paintwork? [Peter takes his hand off the roof] Ken Miles: No, no, no, Peter, You're okay. [looking at Beebe] Ken Miles: Who are you? Leo Beebe: Leo Beebe, Senior Executive Vice President, Ford Motor Company. Ken Miles: Ah. Leo Beebe: I'm responsible for the launch of the Mustang. Ken Miles: Ah! At least now we know who's responsible. Don't get me wrong, Lenny. Leo Beebe: Leo. Ken Miles: It looks fantastic. But inside, it's a lump of lard, dressed up to fool the public. My advice is, lose the inline-six and that idiotic three-speed, shorten the wheelbase, somehow lose half a ton, and lower the price. Peter Miles: Dad. Ken Miles: But even then, I'd still choose a Chevy Chevelle. And that's a fucking terrible car.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Ken Miles: Well, you promised me the drive. Not the win.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: Thank you. Well, if my daddy was here today, he'd tell me to sit on down and leave the yakking to the college boys so, like my cars, I'll make this fast. When I was 10 years old, Pops said to me, 'Son, it's a truly lucky man who knows what he wants to do in this world. 'Cause that man will never work a day in his life.' But there are a few, a precious few, and, hell, I don't know if they're lucky or not. But there are a few people who find something they have to do. Something obsesses 'em. Something that if they can't do it, it's gonna drive them clean out of their mind. I'm that guy. And I know one other man feels exactly the same. His name... [pause] Carroll Shelby: His name is Mr. Henry Ford. [applause from the crowd while Miles looks in disappointment] Carroll Shelby: And together, we're gonna build the fastest automobiles in the world. [applause] Carroll Shelby: And we're gonna make history too, at Le Mans. [applause, as Miles and Peter leave the event] Carroll Shelby: My name is Carroll Shelby. I build race cars.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Wayne - Customer: Hey, I called you three times, and you never answer the phone. Ken Miles: I answer the phone every time it rings. Wayne - Customer: No, sir, you do not. Ken Miles: Yes, I do. Wayne - Customer: No, you don't. A month ago, this car was fun. Now, it won't even start. And when it does, it's 'Boom, boom, boom!' When I pull out of the driveway, the dog has a heart attack. [Ken chuckles] Wayne - Customer: All I'm asking is for you to make it like it was. Ken Miles: Yeah, you've coked up the inlet valves and the plugs. Nothing wrong with the car, just the way it's being driven. Wayne - Customer: The way it's being driven? Ken Miles: Too much fuel, not enough spark. That's what's making her misfire. Wayne - Customer: You wanna run that by me in English? Ken Miles: All right, sir. [Miles walks out of the car he is servicing and grabs his tin cup] Ken Miles: So... that there, that is a sport car. You have to drive her like a sport car. If you drive her like a school teacher, she'll clog up. All right? Try changing up at 5,000 RPM, not two. Drive like you mean it. Hard and tight. She'll run clean. Wayne - Customer: Are you telling me I don't know how to drive my own car? Ken Miles: No. But if you ask me, this isn't your car. Your car's more a Plymouth or a Studebaker. Wayne - Customer: You and me have a problem, buddy? Ken Miles: I don't have a problem. I had an MG. Mine just ran fine. Wayne - Customer: Screw you, you limey prick! I want my money back. Ken Miles: Oh, behave. I'd give it to ya. But you haven't paid for last month's service yet. Wayne - Customer: This country, the customer's always right. You ever hear that? [Wayne enters his MG A] Ken Miles: Yeah, yeah. Utter nonsense. Now remember, I advanced the timing, so a smidge twitchy in first. [Wayne speeds off, struggling to control his MG A] Ken Miles: Get the revs up. Good lad. Revs up. Ta-ra.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: [Last line, in a commercial] My name is Carroll Shelby and performance is my business.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Henry Ford II reads the newspaper headline of Fiat buying Ferrari before dropping the paper and picking up his glass to pour a drink] Leo Beebe: He played us. Old Man Enzo had no intention of selling to us. He used us to up his price, embarrass our company and insult your leadership. It was a bad idea from the start. [Henry II approaches his executives] Henry Ford II: What exactly did he say? [pause, as Henry II takes a drink] Lee Iacocca: He said Ford makes ugly little cars, and we make 'em... in an ugly factory. He said our executives are sons of whores. [Henry II approaches Iacocca] Henry Ford II: About me? Lee Iacocca: He called you fat, sir. Pigheaded. Henry Ford II: Go on. Lee Iacocca: He said you're not Henry Ford. You're Henry Ford II. [Henry II stares at Iacocca before walking back to his desk] Henry Ford II: I want the best engineers. The best drivers. I don't care what it costs. We're gonna build a race car... [Henry II finishes his drink and puts down his glass] Henry Ford II: And we're gonna bury that goddamn greasy wop 100 feet deep under the finish line at Le Mans. And I will be there to watch it.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Henry II starts crying after Shelby gives him a ride in the Ford GT40 Mk II] Carroll Shelby: Mr. Ford? Are you okay? [Henry II continues to sob] Carroll Shelby: Mr. Ford? You all right? Henry Ford II: I had no idea. [pause] Henry Ford II: I had no idea. I wish my daddy... He were alive to see this. To feel this. Carroll Shelby: This is not a machine that just anybody can get in and easily control. Henry Ford II: Absolutely not. I had no idea. Carroll Shelby: Now, you want to win Le Mans. You really want to take first place, Ken Miles is the man to do it. [pause] Carroll Shelby: Now he knows this car 'cause he helped me build it. Henry Ford II: Shelby, you know I've already appointed Leo Beebe Director of Racing. Carroll Shelby: Which is exactly why I'm talking to you. Now you let Ken Miles race Daytona. If he wins, he gets to drive Le Mans. Henry Ford II: And if he doesn't? Carroll Shelby: Ford Motor Company to get full ownership of Shelby American. Lock, stock, and brand... forever.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Shelby enters his office. Remington walks in] Phil Remington: Hey, Shel. That guy, you know the one in the hat, he's ready to close on those two 427s. His and hers. Full freight. They, uh, flew in from Galveston. Carroll Shelby: Uh-huh. Phil Remington: Uh, I need you to come outside for maybe a minute. Carroll Shelby: And do what? Phil Remington: Be Carroll Shelby. Tell them a story, spin a few magic words. Carroll Shelby: What does that mean? 'Magic words'? Phil Remington: It means... come outside and say hello and make them feel good about their purchase. Carroll Shelby: They're getting the damn cars. That's what they get for their money, Phil. Now, either they want 'em or they don't. Am I some kind of a lounge act? Phil Remington: No. Carroll Shelby: Am I here to talk people into things? [pause] Phil Remington: It's been six months, Shel. Six months. [Shelby sighs as Remington walks away] Phil Remington: Sometimes, they don't get out of the car.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: How long have we known each other, Champ? Did I ever break a promise to you? I will put you in the driver's seat at Le Mans if you just shut your mouth and let me do my thing. [Miles raises his eyebrows, then punches Shelby in the face] Carroll Shelby: All right. [Shelby tackles Miles and they fight while Mollie unfolds a chair and watches. Eventually they stop fighting and laugh] Mollie Miles: Morning, Shelby. Carroll Shelby: Good morning, Mollie. Mollie Miles: [Mollie grabs some bottles of Coke at Ken's request] Ken Miles: [Miles toasts Shelby] Ken Miles: Up yours. Carroll Shelby: Oh, go to hell.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [while racing at Willow Springs, Gurney notices Miles' broken windshield] Dan Gurney: Hey, Ken. What happened to your shield? Ken Miles: New design.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: It was a hell of a drive. Ken Miles: She's a hell of a machine. Carroll Shelby: Oh, she's fast. Ken Miles: Could be faster.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Miles continues to argue with the SCCA Official over the trunk space of his Cobra] Ken Miles: How is that even possible? Is he putting boxes in their trunk? Is he, mate? Hey! Jim! Is he putting his bloody carryall in your trunk? SCCA Official: Discretionary infraction. [Miles pulls out the handbook] Ken Miles: Nothing in there about my trunk and your lovely little portmanteau. SCCA Official: You're holding the '62 edition of the SCCA. [Miles puts down the book and removes the sticker off his hood and places it on the SCCA Official's jacket] Ken Miles: And you can stick this bloody sticker where the sun don't shine! Carroll Shelby: Hey. Hey, Bill. What seems to be the problem, Bill? Ken Miles: The problem is that Bill here is an arsehole. Carroll Shelby: No, he doesn't mean that. Ken Miles: Oh, yes, he does. Yes, he does. No, he really does think that Bill is an arsehole. SCCA Official: I'm just doing my job here. Carroll Shelby: Hang on. Bill, Bill, Bill. In my experience, there is... listen to me. Something like this, there's always a middle ground. All right? Now, Ken's outta line. SCCA Official: And I'm just doing my job. Carroll Shelby: I understand you are. You know how he gets on a race day. You know that. All right? But you're not gonna DQ us over a trunk. [Miles grabs a hammer, opens his trunk and starts beating the inside of the trunk lid until it fits the fuel cell] Ken Miles: Happy, Bill? Carroll Shelby: Bill, I'll handle it. I'll talk to him. I'll talk to him. You just go and have a great day.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: Shit. Bulldog. Ken Miles: Huh? Carroll Shelby: You know who that was I was just talking to? Ken Miles: Bill. Carroll Shelby: Before that. Ken Miles: No. Carroll Shelby: It was Dieter Voss. Ken Miles: Who's that? Carroll Shelby: He runs Porsche, Ken. It's a little German car company. Maybe you heard of it. Ken Miles: All right. Carroll Shelby: He wanted you to drive at Sebring. But he heard you were difficult. [Miles sighs] Ken Miles: I thought we felt the same way about, uh, Germans. [Ken turns around to work on his Cobra] Carroll Shelby: Do you like losing, Ken? Ken Miles: Excuse me? Carroll Shelby: Oh, you heard me. Ken Miles: I don't lose. Carroll Shelby: Without sponsors, you get no car, Ken. And last I checked, the professionals all have a car. Ken Miles: Shel! Carroll Shelby: You cannot win the SCCA without one. If you're not winning, you are losing. Ken Miles: Don't make me lamp this at your head. Carroll Shelby: Did you bring your son all the way out here to watch you get disqualified or just act like a jackass? [Miles throws his wrench at Shelby, breaking the windshield of his Cobra] Carroll Shelby: Well, that answers that.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Shelby parks near Miles' house. He grabs a wrench and approaches the house] Mollie Miles: Peter! Peter, come and take the garbage out. Peter Miles: Mr. Shelby? [Shelby turns around] Carroll Shelby: Oh, hello, Pete. Peter Miles: I remember that wrench. My dad threw it at you. Carroll Shelby: I believe he did. Peter Miles: Why? Carroll Shelby: Oh. [removes sunglasses] Carroll Shelby: I think I probably said something to him. Called him a few names. Peter Miles: That's right. [pause] Peter Miles: Do you wanna speak to my mum? Carroll Shelby: Well, I dd. Uh... I came to say hello, check in on her and... [sighs] Carroll Shelby: Then I started thinking that sometimes... uh, words... just... ar-are not useful. [pause] Carroll Shelby: Tools are useful 'cause you can make stuff with 'em and you can fix stuff with 'em. Here. [Shelby gives Peter the wrench] Peter Miles: Thanks. [pause] Carroll Shelby: Your daddy was, uh... Peter Miles: He was your friend. [pause] Carroll Shelby: Yes, he was. Yes, sir. [pause] Carroll Shelby: And he thought you was just finer than frog fur. Mollie Miles: Peter! Peter Miles: I think I've gotta go help my mum. Carroll Shelby: What are you doing here then? Go on. Peter Miles: Bye. [Peter rides his bicycle back to the house as Mollie looks at Shelby]

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Henry Ford II: [getting into Ford racing car] Ow! God! I sat on my nuts. Carroll Shelby: We'll build the next one for comfort, don't you worry.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Henry Ford II enters the assembly plant] Henry Ford II: Shut it down, Mr. Beebe. [Beebe turns around and faces the head engineer] Leo Beebe: John. [head engineer nods and shuts down the assembly line] Henry Ford II: Hear that? That's the sound of the Ford Motor Company out of business. [Henry II walks around] Henry Ford II: IN 1899, my grandfather, Henry 'By God' Ford, was walking home from Edison Illumination after working a double shift. He was ruminating. That morning, he had himself an idea that changed the world. Sixty-five years, and 47 million automobiles later, what shall be his legacy? Getting it in the tail pipe from a Chevy Impala. [workers chuckle] Henry Ford II: Here's what I want you to do. Walk home. [workers go silent] Henry Ford II: While you're walking, I want you to ruminate. Man comes to my office with an idea, that man keeps his job. Rest of you, second-best losers... stay home. You don't belong at Ford.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Phil Remington: It's about right now the uninitiated have a tendency to soil themselves.

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Carroll Shelby: [getting ready to take Mr. Ford on a test drive] You ready? Henry Ford II: The name on the middle of that steering wheel should tell you I was born ready Shelby... hit it!

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ [Miles works on his Shelby Cobra while an SCCA Official loads a fuel cell in the trunk and is unable to shut the trunk lid] Ken Miles: You all right? SCCA Official: Paragraph 15.4, section 2b of the SCCA standard dictates all AF cars must have minimum trunk space of 20 inches by 12 inches by six inches. Your trunk doesn't close. Ergo car fails standard. Ken Miles: Wait, wait, wait. What? SCCA Official: Ergo car is disqualified from said Class A competition. Ken Miles: Hold on a second. No, no, no. Look, look, look. Can I ask you a question, all right? When you were a little boy, did you think, 'When I grow up, I want to go to the fabled Willow Springs Raceway, and I want to enforce paragraph 15.4, section 2b of the SCCA regulations on luggage capacity'? Did you? SCCA Official: All right, that's it. I'm ruling you and your team disqualified from this race. [SCCA official places a sticker on the hood]

§Ford v Ferrari ¤ Ken Miles: So, you think that Ford are going to let you build the car that you want, the way you want it? Ford. Motor. Company. Those guys. Have you ever been to Detroit? I mean, they have floors and floors of lawyers. And millions of marketing guys. And they're all gonna want to meet you; oh, they're gonna want to get their photo taken with the great Carroll Shelby. And they're all gonna kiss your ass, and they're gonna go back to their lovely offices, and then work out new ways to screw you. Why? Because they can't help it. Because they just want to please their boss who wants to please his boss who wants to please his boss. And they hate themselves for it. But deep down, who they hate even more are guys like you. Because you're not like them, because you don't think like them, because you're different.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: We must make an idol of our fear, and call it god.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: Is it so terribly inconceivable to comprehend God with one's senses? Why does he hide in a cloud of half-promises and unseen miracles? How can we believe in the faithful when we lack faith? What will happen to us who want to believe, but can not? What about those who neither want to nor can believe? Why can't I kill God in me? Why does He live on in me in a humiliating way - despite my wanting to evict Him from my heart? Why is He, despite all, a mocking reality I can't be rid of?

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: I want to confess as best I can, but my heart is void. The void is a mirror. I see my face and feel loathing and horror. My indifference to men has shut me out. I live now in a world of ghosts, a prisoner in my dreams.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: Who are you? Death: I am Death. Antonius Block: Have you come for me? Death: I have long walked by your side. Antonius Block: So I have noticed. Death: Are you ready? Antonius Block: My body is ready, but I am not.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: I want knowledge! Not faith, not assumptions, but knowledge. I want God to stretch out His hand, uncover His face and speak to me. Death: But He remains silent. Antonius Block: I call out to Him in the darkness. But it's as if no one was there. Death: Perhaps there isn't anyone. Antonius Block: Then life is a preposterous horror. No man can live faced with Death, knowing everything's nothingness. Death: Most people think neither of death nor nothingness. Antonius Block: But one day you stand at the edge of life and face darkness. Death: That day. Antonius Block: I understand what you mean.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: Love is the blackest of all plagues... if one could die of it, there would be some pleasure in love, but you don't die of it.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: I shall remember this moment: the silence, the twilight, the bowl of strawberries, the bowl of milk. Your faces in the evening light. Mikael asleep, Jof with his lyre. I shall try to remember our talk. I shall carry this memory carefully in my hands as if it were a bowl brimful of fresh milk. It will be a sign to me, and a great sufficiency.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: Faith is a torment. It is like loving someone who is out there in the darkness but never appears, no matter how loudly you call.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Mia: You don't look so happy. Antonius Block: No. Mia: Are you tired? Antonius Block: Yes. I have boring company. Mia: You mean your squire? Antonius Block: No, not him. Mia: Who do you mean, then? Antonius Block: Myself.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Death: When next we meet, the hour will strike for you and your friends. Antonius Block: And will you reveal your secrets? Death: I have no secrets. Antonius Block: So do you know nothing? Death: I am unknowing.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: Love is as contagious as a cold. It eats away at your strength, morale... If everything is imperfect in this world, love is perfect in its imperfection. Blacksmith Plog: You're happy, you with your oily words. You believe your own twaddle. Jöns: Believe it? Who said? But I love to give pieces of advice.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [Death approaches Antonius Block] Antonius Block: Wait a moment. Death: You all say that. But I grant no reprieves.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Death: Don't you ever stop asking? Antonius Block: No. I never stop. Death: But you're not getting an answer.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: They say you have consorted with the devil? Witch: Why do you ask that? Antonius Block: It's not out of curiosity, but because of utterly personal reasons. I would also like to meet him. Witch: Why? Antonius Block: I want to ask him about God. He must know. He, if anyone.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: Nothing escapes you! Death: Nothing escapes me. No one escapes me.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Death: Ingenting undgår mig. Ingen undgår mig.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [the church painter explains why he is painting a mural about death] Church Painter: Why should one always make people happy? It might be a good idea to scare them once in a while. Jöns: Then they'll close their eyes and refuse to look. Church Painter: They'll look. A skull is more interesting than a naked woman. Jöns: If you do scare them... Church Painter: Then they think. Jöns: And then? Church Painter: They'll become more scared.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [Antonius Block lets Death choose which chess pieces to play] Antonius Block: You drew black. Death: Appropriate, don't you think?

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: Love is nothing but lust and cheating and lies.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: This is my hand. I can turn it. The blood is still running in it. The sun is still in the sky and the wind is blowing. And I... I, Antonius Block, play chess with Death.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Girl: It is finished.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: Our crusade was such madness that only a real idealist could have thought it up.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [Jonas Skat is in a tree which Death is cutting down] Jonas Skat: Hey, you scurvy knave, what are you doing with my tree? You might at least answer. Who are you? Death: I'm felling your tree. Your time is up. Jonas Skat: You can't. I haven't time. Death: So you haven't time? Jonas Skat: No. My performance... Death: Cancelled... because of Death.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: It's hell with women and hell without women. No matter how you reason it seems like the logic thing to do is to kill them while it's still fun. Blacksmith Plog: Bickering and swill! Jöns: Screaming babies and diapers full of piss! Blacksmith Plog: Sharp nails and malice! Jöns: Scuffle, fits and the devil's aunt as a mother in law! Blacksmith Plog: And then when you're going to sleep... Jöns: Then they change they're tune! Blacksmith Plog: Tears, complaints and wailing to high heaven! Jöns: "Why won't you kiss me good night?"... Blacksmith Plog: "Why won't you sing a song?"... Jöns: "How come you don't love me like when we first met?"... Blacksmith Plog: "Why aren't you looking at my new shift?"... Jöns: "Just turn your back and snore!"... Blacksmith Plog: Damn it! Jöns: Damn it! Now she's gone; Rejoice!

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: I met Death today. We are playing chess.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [watching a young woman get burned at the stake] Jöns: Who will take care care of that child? Is it the angels or God or Satan or the emptiness? The emptiness, Sire? Antonius Block: It can't be so!

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: Only fools die of love.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: My whole life has been nothing but futile wandering, a great deal of words without meaning. I say that without bitterness or self-reproach, because I know it's the same for most men.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [In response to Death coming for him] Jonas Skat: Is there no exemption for actors?

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: But feel, to the very end, the triumph of being alive!

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jonas Skat: Kill me. I'll thank you afterwards.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: It's hell with women, and hell without. Best to kill them all while the fun lasts.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: Do you have any brandy? I've had nothing but water. It's made me as thirsty as a camel in the desert.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jof: And the strict lord Death bids them to dance.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: Between a scarlet woman's knees, a man like me can take his ease.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: [Looking at the religious procession] Is this what we offer to modern men's minds? Do they really believe we will take all of this seriously?

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Blacksmith Plog: Hey Jöns, purely confidential, isn't life quite...? Jöns: [interrupts Plog] Yes, it is... but don't think about that now. Blacksmith Plog: [to himself] It's ludicrous, that's what it is.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [last lines] Jof: I see them, Mia! I see them! Over there against the dark, stormy sky. They are all there. The smith and Lisa and the knight and Raval and Jöns and Skat. And Death, the severe master, invites them to dance. He tells them to hold each other's hands and then they must tread the dance in a long row. And first goes the master with his scythe and hourglass, but Skat dangles at the end with his lyre. They dance away from the dawn and it's a solemn dance towards the dark lands, while the rain washes their faces and cleans the salt of the tears from their cheeks. Mia: [smiling] You with your visions and dreams.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Witch: Look into my eyes. [the knight meets her gaze. They stare at each other for a long time] Witch: What do you see? Do you see him? Antonius Block: I see fear in your eyes, an empty, numb fear. But nothing else. Witch: No one, nothing, no one? Antonius Block: [shakes his head] No. Witch: Can't you see him behind your back? Antonius Block: [turns around] No, there is no one there.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: [the witch is about to be burned] Look at her eyes, my lord. Her poor brain has just made a discovery. Emptiness under the moon. Antonius Block: No. Jöns: We stand powerless, our arms hanging at our sides, because we see what she sees, and our terror and hers are the same. That poor little child. I can't stand it, I can't stand it...

§The Seventh Seal ¤ The Monk: [addressing the village crowd] God is punishing us. We shall perish from the Black Death. You there, gaping like cattle; and you, bloated with complacency; don't you know this could be your final hour? Death is at your back. I see his crown gleaming in the sun. His scythe flashes above your heads. Which of you will he strike first? You there, staring like a goat; will nightfall see your last twisted grimace? You, woman, full of the lust of life... will you grow pale and wither before the dawn? You, with the swollen nose and stupid grin; will you soil the earth another year with your refuse? Don't you fools know you're going to die? You're all doomed. Do you hear me? Do you hear me? Doomed! Doomed! Doomed! Lord, have mercy on us sinners. Turn not away Thy face in loathing and contempt for the sake of Thy son, Jesus Christ!

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Karin, Block's Wife: [reading from the Book of Revelation] And when the Lamb had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour. And the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound. The first angel sounded his trumpet, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth. And a third part of the earth was burnt up... and a third part of the trees was burnt up... and all the green grass was burnt up. And the second angel sounded his trumpet... and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea. And a third part of the sea became blood. And the third angel sounded his trumpet... and there fell a great star from heaven... burning as if it were a torch. And the name of the star is called Wormwood. [Death suddenly appears before them]

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Mia: Keep your visions under control. Otherwise people will think you're a fool, which you're not. At least not yet, as far as I know. Though I can't even be sure of that.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns, squire: What's that supposed to be? Albertus Pictor, Church Painter: The Dance of Death. Jöns, squire: And that one is Death. Albertus Pictor, Church Painter: Yes, he dances off with them. Jöns, squire: Why do you paint such nonsense? Albertus Pictor, Church Painter: To remind people they're going to die. Jöns, squire: That won't cheer them up any.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Blacksmith Plog: I'm going to pinch them in the nose with my pliers. I'm going to pound them on the chest with my little hammer. I'm going to crack them lightly on the head with my sledgehammer

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Girl: [kneeling in front of Death] It is the end.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Jöns: The actor plays on the emotions. That's half the battle.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Antonius Block: From our darkness, we call out to Thee, Lord. Have mercy on us because we are small and frightened and ignorant. Jöns: [bitterly] In the darkness where you are supposed to be, where all of us probably are... In the darkness you will find no one to listen to your cries or be touched by your sufferings. Wash your tears and mirror yourself in your indifference. Antonius Block: God, You who are somewhere, who must be somewhere, have mercy upon us. Jöns: I could have given you an herb to purge you of your worries about eternity. Now it seems to be too late. But in any case, feel the immense triumph of this last minute when you can still roll your eyes and move your toes. Karin, Block's Wife: Quiet, quiet. Jöns: I shall be silent, but under protest.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ [first lines] narrator: And when the Lamb had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space oh half an hour. And the seven angels who had the seven trumpets prepared themselves to sound.

§The Seventh Seal ¤ Mia: Who did you see? Jof: The Virgin Mary. Mia: Did you really see her? Jof: She was so close I could have touched her. She wore a golden crown and a blue robe with golden flowers. She was barefoot, and in her little brown hands she was holding the Child and teaching Him to walk. When she saw me, she smiled. My eyes filled with tears, and when I wiped them away, she was gone. And there was a great stillness everywhere, in heaven and on earth. You understand? Mia: The things you imagine. Jof: You don't believe me, but it's true. It's not the reality you see, but another kind.

§Ratatouille ¤ Gusteau: If you focus on what you left behind you will never see what lies ahead!

§Ratatouille ¤ Anton Ego: In many ways, the work of a critic is easy. We risk very little, yet enjoy a position over those who offer up their work and their selves to our judgment. We thrive on negative criticism, which is fun to write and to read. But the bitter truth we critics must face, is that in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is probably more meaningful than our criticism designating it so. But there are times when a critic truly risks something, and that is in the discovery and defense of the *new*. The world is often unkind to new talent, new creations. The new needs friends. Last night, I experienced something new: an extraordinary meal from a singularly unexpected source. To say that both the meal and its maker have challenged my preconceptions about fine cooking is a gross understatement. They have rocked me to my core. In the past, I have made no secret of my disdain for Chef Gusteau's famous motto, "Anyone can cook." But I realize, only now do I truly understand what he meant. Not everyone can become a great artist; but a great artist *can* come from *anywhere*. It is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now cooking at Gusteau's, who is, in this critic's opinion, nothing less than the finest chef in France. I will be returning to Gusteau's soon, hungry for more.

§Ratatouille ¤ Gusteau: [on the TV] You must be imaginative, strong-hearted. You must try things that may not work, and you must not let anyone define your limits because of where you come from. Your only limit is your soul. What I say is true - anyone can cook... but only the fearless can be great.

§Ratatouille ¤ Django: [showing the exterminator shop to Remy with the dead rats in the window] Take a good long look, Remy. This is what happens when a rat gets a little too comfortable around humans. The world we live in belongs to the enemy. We must live carefully. We look out for our own kind, Remy. When all is said and done, we're all we've got. [he starts to walk away] Remy: No. Django: [turning back] What? Remy: No. Dad, I don't believe it. You're telling me, that the future is - can *only* be - more of *this*? Django: This is the way things are. You can't change nature. Remy: Change *is* nature, Dad. The part that *we* can influence. And it starts when we decide. [he turns to leave] Django: Where are you going? Remy: With luck, forward.

§Ratatouille ¤ Linguini: Can I interest you in a dessert this evening? Anton Ego: Don't you always? Linguini: Which one would you like? Anton Ego: [to Remy, through the kitchen window] Surprise me!

§Ratatouille ¤ Mustafa: [taking Ego's order] Do you know what you'd like this evening, sir? Anton Ego: Yes, I think I do. After reading a lot of overheated puffery about your new cook, you know what I'm craving? A little perspective. That's it. I'd like some fresh, clear, well seasoned perspective. Can you suggest a good wine to go with that? Mustafa: With what, sir? Anton Ego: Perspective. Fresh out, I take it? Mustafa: I am, uh... Anton Ego: Very well. Since you're all out of perspective and no one else seems to have it in this BLOODY TOWN, I'll make you a deal. You provide the food, I'll provide the perspective, which would go nicely with a bottle of Cheval Blanc 1947. Mustafa: I'm afraid... your dinner selection? Anton Ego: [stands up angrily] Tell your chef Linguini that I want whatever he dares to serve me. Tell him to hit me with his best SHOT.

§Ratatouille ¤ Anton Ego: You are Monsieur Linguini? Linguini: Uh, hello. Anton Ego: Pardon me for interrupting your premature celebration, but I thought it only fair to give you a sporting chance as you are new to this game. Linguini: Uh... game? Anton Ego: Yes, and you've been playing without an opponent, which is, as you may have guessed... against the rules. Linguini: [awed] You're... Anton Ego. Anton Ego: [sarcastic] You're slow for someone in the fast lane. Linguini: [a little nervously] And you're... thin, for someone who likes food. [crowd gasps] Anton Ego: I don't *like* food; I LOVE it. If I don't love it, I don't *swallow*. [Linguini swallows nervously] Anton Ego: [turns to leave] I will return tomorrow night with high expectations. Pray you don't disappoint me.

§Ratatouille ¤ Colette: What are you doing? Linguini: [stammering] Uh, I'm cutting vegetables. I'm cutting the... vegetables? Colette: No! You waste energy and time! You think cooking is a cute job, eh? Like Mommy in the kitchen? Well, Mommy never had to face the dinner rush when the orders come flooding in, and every dish is different and none are simple, and all of the different cooking times, but must arrive at the customer's table at exactly the same time, hot and perfect! Every second counts, you CANNOT be MOMMY!

§Ratatouille ¤ [when the restaurant is empty Linguini and Colette bring Remy to meet Ego] Remy: At first, Ego thinks it's a joke. But as Linguini explains, Ego's smile disappears. He doesn't react beyond asking the occasional question. And when the story's done, Ego stands, thanks us for the meal, and leaves, without another word. The following day, his review appears: Anton Ego: In many ways, the work of a critic is easy. We risk very little, yet enjoy a position over those who offer up their work and their selves to our judgment. We thrive on negative criticism, which is fun to write and to read. But the bitter truth we critics must face, is that in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is probably more meaningful than our criticism designating it so. But there are times when a critic truly risks something, and that is in the discovery and defense of the *new*. The world is often unkind to new talent, new creations. The new needs friends. Last night, I experienced something new: an extraordinary meal from a singularly unexpected source. To say that both the meal and its maker have challenged my preconceptions about fine cooking is a gross understatement. They have rocked me to my core. In the past, I have made no secret of my disdain for Chef Gusteau's famous motto, "Anyone can cook." But I realize, only now do I truly understand what he meant. Not everyone can become a great artist; but a great artist *can* come from *anywhere*. It is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now cooking at Gusteau's, who is, in this critic's opinion, nothing less than the finest chef in France. I will be returning to Gusteau's soon, hungry for more.

§Ratatouille ¤ Colette: Horst has done time. Linguini: What for? Colette: No one know for sure. He changes the story every time you ask him. [Horst is shown telling his story at different times] Horst: I defrauded a major corporation. Horst: I robbed the second-largest bank in France using only a ball-point pen. Horst: I created a hole in the ozone over Avignon. Horst: I killed a man... with *this* thumb!

§Ratatouille ¤ [first lines] Narrator: [on television] Although each of the world's countries would like to dispute this fact, we French know the truth: the best food in the world is made in France. The best food in France is made in Paris. And the best food in Paris, some say, is made by Chef Auguste Gusteau. Gusteau's restuarant is the toast of Paris, booked five months in advance. And his dazzling ascent to the top of fine French cuisine has made his competitors envious. He is the youngest chef ever to achieve a five-star rating. Chef Gusteau's cookbook "Anyone Can Cook!" climbed to the top of the bestseller list. But not everyone celebrates its success. [cutting away to Ego] Anton Ego: Amusing title, "Anyone Can Cook!". What's even more amusing is that Gusteau actually seems to believe it. I, on the other hand, take cooking seriously. And, no, I don't think anyone can do it.

§Ratatouille ¤ Emile: W-w-wait. You... read? Remy: Well, not... excessively. Emile: Oh, man. Does dad know? Remy: You could fill a book - a lot of books - with things Dad doesn't know. And they have. Which is why I read. Which is also our secret. Emile: I don't like secrets. All this cooking and-and reading and TV-watching, while we... read, and... cook. It's like you're involving me in crime, and I let you. Why do I let you?

§Ratatouille ¤ Anton Ego: [running his finger through leftover sauce and licking it] I can't remember the last time I asked to give my compliments to the chef. And now I find myself in the extraordinary position of having my waiter *be* the chef! Linguini: Thanks, but... I'm just your waiter tonight. Anton Ego: Then who do I thank for the meal? Linguini: Uh... excuse me a moment? [he skates into the kitchen; he and Colette have a brief, muffled, heated argument; Colette and Linguini both come out] Anton Ego: [to Colette] You must be the chef... Colette: [cutting him off] If you wish to meet the chef, you will have to wait, until all the other customer have gone. Anton Ego: [settling back to wait] So be it.

§Ratatouille ¤ Colette: [Linguini is making a mess at the kitchen] What is this? Keep - your station - clear! When the meal rush comes, what will happen? Messy stations slow things down. Food doesn't go, orders pile up, disaster! I'll make this easier to remember: keep your station clear, or I WILL KILL YOU!

§Ratatouille ¤ Remy: Hey, I brought you something to... [sees Emile eating garbage] Remy: AH! NO, NO, NO, NO! SPIT THAT OUT RIGHT NOW! [Emile obeys] Remy: [sighs] I have *got* to teach you about food. Close your eyes. [Emile obeys; Remy holds out piece of cheese] Remy: Now take a bite of thi... [Emile snarfs the cheese] Remy: [whacking him on the head] Ack! No, no, no! Don't just hork it down! Emile: Too late.

§Ratatouille ¤ Linguini: Thank you, by the way, for all the advice about cooking. Colette: Thank you, too. Linguini: For - for what? Colette: [grins] For taking it!

§Ratatouille ¤ Remy: [as Emile tastes a piece of cheese] Creamy, salty-sweet, an oaky nuttiness... You detect that? Emile: Oh, I'm detecting nuttiness...

§Ratatouille ¤ [holding a trapped Remy out over the Seine to drown him; he and Remy stare at each other] Linguini: Don't look at me like that! You aren't the only one who's trapped, they expect me to cook it again! I mean, I'm not ambitious, I wasn't trying to cook, I was just trying to stay out of trouble! You're the one who was gettin' fancy with the spices! What'd you throw in there, oregano? No? What, rosemary? That's a spice isn't it, rosemary? You didn't put rosemary in? Then what was all the flipping and... the throwing the... [he sinks down on the wall with a sigh] Linguini: I need this job. I've lost so many. I don't know how to cook and now I'm actually talking to a rat as if you... [gasps] Linguini: Did you nod? Have you been nodding? [Remy nods] Linguini: You understand me? So I'm not crazy! Wait a second, wait a second... I can't cook, can I? [Remy shakes his head] Linguini: But, you... you can, right? [Remy shrugs modestly] Linguini: Look, don't be so modest, you're a rat for Pete's sake. Whatever you did, they liked it. Yeah. This could work. Hey, they liked the soup...! [he flails and knocks the jar into the river] Linguini: Augh! [he dives in and reappears soaking wet with Remy] Linguini: They like the soup. Do you think you could... do it again? [Remy nods] Linguini: Okay, I'm gonna let you out now. But we're together on this, right? [Remy nods] Linguini: Okay...

§Ratatouille ¤ [frame freezes as Remy bursts through a window carrying a book over his head] Remy: [voiceover] This is me. I think it's apparent that I need to rethink my life a little bit. What's my problem? First of all, I'm a rat. Which means, life is hard. Second, I have a highly developed sense of taste and smell.

§Ratatouille ¤ Linguini: Listen, I just want you to know how honored I am to be studying under such a... Colette: [pins Linguini's sleeve with a knife] No, you listen! I just want you to know exactly who you are dealing with! How many women do you see in this kitchen? Linguini: Well, I uh... Colette: [pins Linguini's sleeve with another knife] Only me. Why do you think that is? Because haute cuisine is an antiquated hierarchy built upon rules written by stupid, old, *men*. Rules designed to make it impossible for women to enter this world. But still I'm here! How did this happen? Linguini: Well because, because you... Colette: [pins Linguini's sleeve with a third knife] Because I am the toughest cook in this kitchen! I have worked too hard for too long to get here, and I am *not* going to jeopardize it for some garbage boy who got lucky! Got it? [she sweeps the knives off Linguini's arm and he falls to the floor] Linguini: [sitting up, chuckling] Wow!

§Ratatouille ¤ Remy: [voice over] If you are what you eat, then I only want to eat the good stuff.

§Ratatouille ¤ Skinner: You know something about rats, you know you do! Linguini: You know who know, do, whacka-do. Ratta-tatta - Hey, why do they call it that? Skinner: What? Linguini: Ratatouille. It's like a stew, right? Why do they call it that? If you're gonna name a food, you should give it a name that sounds delicious. Ratatouille doesn't sound delicious. It sounds like "rat" and "patootie." Rat patootie! Which does not sound delicious. [holds out his glass for more wine] Skinner: [growling] Regrettably, we are all... out... of wine.

§Ratatouille ¤ Skinner: [on Linguini] Look at him out there, pretending to be an idiot! He's toying with my mind like a cat with a ball... of something! Lawyer: String? Skinner: Yes! Playing dumb, taunting me with that RAT! Lawyer: [confused] Rat? Skinner: Yes! He's consorting with it, deliberately trying to make me think it's important! Lawyer: The... rat? Skinner: EXACTLY! Lawyer: Is the rat important? Skinner: [pause] Of course not! He just wants me to THINK that it is! O-ho, I see the theatricality of it! A rat appears on the boy's first night, I order him to kill it, and now he wants me to see it everywhere! Skinner: [high voice] Ooooh! It's here! No it isn't it's here! Am I seeing things, am I crazy, is there a phantom rat or is there not, but oh, no! I refuse to be sucked into his little game... of... Lawyer: Should I be concerned about this? About you?

§Ratatouille ¤ Linguini: Bonjour, ma chérie. Join us. We were just talking about my inspiration. Colette: Yes, he calls it his tiny chef. Linguini: Not that, dearest, I meant you.

§Ratatouille ¤ Gusteau: [Remy is locked in a cage] So, we have given up. Remy: Why do you say that? Gusteau: We are in a cage, inside a car trunk, awaiting a future in frozen food products. Remy: No, I'm the one in a cage. I've given up. You... are free. Gusteau: I am only as free as you imagine me to be. As you are. Remy: Oh, please. I'm sick of pretending. I pretend to be a rat for my father, I pretend to be a *human* for Linguini. I pretend you *exist* so I have someone to talk to! You only tell me stuff I already know! I know who I am! Why do I need you to tell me? Why do I need to pretend? Gusteau: [chuckles] But you don't Remy. You never did. [disappeares]

§Ratatouille ¤ Linguini: When I added that extra ingredient instead of following the recipe like you said, that wasn't me... either. Colette: What do you mean? Linguini: I mean, *I* wouldn't have done that. I would've followed the recipe, I would've followed your advice, I would've followed your advice to the ends of the Earth because I love you... r advice. But... Remy: [whispering desperately] Don't do it... Linguini: [hesitantly] I have a secret. It's sort of disturbing. I have a ra... I have a raaaaa... Colette: You have a... rash? Linguini: No no no. I have this-this tiny, uh, little... little... [quickly] Linguini: a tiny chef who tells me what to do.

§Ratatouille ¤ Skinner: [interrogating Linguini after plying him with wine] Have you ever had a pet rat? Linguini: No. Skinner: Did you work in a lab with rats? Linguini: Nooope. Skinner: Perhaps you lived in squalor at some point? Linguini: Nopity, nopity noo.

§Ratatouille ¤ Django: Where are you going? Remy: Back to the restaraunt! They'll fail without me! Django: Why do you care? Remy: Because I'm a cook!

§Ratatouille ¤ Gusteau: [as Remy is about to steal a piece of bread] What are you doing? Remy: [groans] I'm hungry! I don't know where I am and I don't know when I'll find food again... Gusteau: Remy, you are better than that. You are a cook! A cook makes! A thief takes. You are not a thief. Remy: [wistfully] But I *am* hungry. Gusteau: [chuckles] Food will come, Remy. Food always comes to those who love to cook. [disappears]

§Ratatouille ¤ Emile: [notices Remy walking on his hind legs] Why are you walking like that? Remy: I don't want to constantly have to wash my paws. Did you ever think about how we walk on the same paws that we handle food with? You ever think about what we put into our mouths? Emile: All the time. Remy: Ugh, when I eat, I don't want to taste everywhere my paws have been. Emile: Well, go ahead. But if dad sees you walking like that, he's not gonna like it.

§Ratatouille ¤ Skinner: [seeing a ladle in Linguini's hand] You are COOKING? How DARE you cook in MY kitchen! Where do get the gall to attempt something so monumentally idiotic? I should have you drawn and quartered! I'll do it! I think the law is on my side! Larousse, draw and quarter this man! *After* you put him in the duck press to squeeze the fat out of his head! [as he's shouting, Lalo ladles some soup into a tureen and brings it to the waiter] Linguini: Oh no no no, OH NO, don't let them, don't eat... Skinner: What are you blathering about? Linguini: ...the soup! Skinner: [sees the soup going out runs to stop it] Soup? Stop that soup! Noooooooo! [bursts into the dining room to the stares of the diners, retreats back into the kitchen and watches through the window as the waiter serves the soup] Solene LeClaire: [tasting the soup] Waiter! Skinner: [gasps] Linguini! You're fired! F-I-R-E-D! Fired! Mustafa: She wants to see the chef. Mustafa: [scared] B-but he... [clears his throat and goes to speak to the customer; Colette tastes the soup; Skinner re-enters] Colette: What did the customer say? Mustafa: It was not a customer. It was a critic. Colette: Ego? Skinner: Solene LeClaire. Colette: LeClaire. What did she say? Mustafa: She likes the soup.

§Ratatouille ¤ Remy: [sniffing a cake] Flour, eggs, sugar... vanilla bean... Oh, small twist of lemon. Emile: Whoa! You can smell all that? You have a gift! Remy: [voiceover] This is Emile, my brother. He's easily impressed. Django: So you can smell ingredients. So what? Remy: [voiceover] This is my dad. He's never impressed.

§Ratatouille ¤ Remy: [observing what Emile is eating] What are you eating? Emile: [pause] I don't really know. I think it was some sort of wrapper once. Remy: What? No! You're in Paris now, baby! My town! No brother of mine eats rejecta-menta in my town!

§Ratatouille ¤ Django: [the clan is eating clean garbage thanks to Remy's gift] Now don't you feel better, Remy? Eh? You've helped a noble cause. Remy: Noble? We, we're thieves, Dad, and what we're stealing is - let's face it - garbage! Django: It isn't stealing if no one wants it. Remy: If no one wants it, why are we *stealing* it? Remy: [voiceover] Let's just say we have different points of view.

§Ratatouille ¤ Skinner: Toasting your success, eh, Linguini? Good for you. Linguini: [indicating his wine glass] Oh, I just took it to be polite. I don't really drink, you know. Skinner: Oh, of course you don't. I wouldn't either if I was drinking *that*. But you would have to be an idiot of elephantine proportions not to appreciate this '61 Château Latour, and you, Monsieur Linguini, are no idiot. Let us toast your non-idiocy!

§Ratatouille ¤ Gusteau: What do I always say? Anyone can cook! Remy: Well, yeah, anyone *can*, that doesn't mean that anyone *should*.

§Ratatouille ¤ Lawyer: Well, the will stipulates that if after two years from the date of death, no heir appears, Gusteau's business will pass on to his sous-chef, you. Skinner: I know what the will stipulates! What I want to know, is if this letter - if this *boy* changes anything! [the lawyer looks at Linguini through the window, comparing it to Gusteau's picture on the wall] Lawyer: There's not much resemblance. Skinner: There's NO resemblance at all! He's not Gusteau's son, Gusteau had no children! And what of the timing of all this? The deadline in the will expires in less than a month! Suddenly some boy arrives with a letter from his recently deceased mother claiming Gusteau is his father? Highly suspect! Lawyer: [about a chef's toque in a glass container] ... This was Gusteau's? Skinner: Yes. Lawyer: May I? Skinner: Of course, of course. [the lawyer takes a hair out of the toque] Lawyer: But, the boy does not know? Skinner: She claims she never told him, or Gusteau, and asks that I not tell! Lawyer: Why you? What does she want? Skinner: A job, for the boy. Lawyer: Only a job? Well, then this is easy. If he works here, you can keep an eye on him while I do a little digging, find out how much of this is real. I'll need you to collect some DNA samples from the boy, hair maybe... Skinner: Mark my words, the whole thing is *highly* suspect. He knows... something. Lawyer: Relax, he's a garbage boy. I think you can handle him.

§Ratatouille ¤ Linguini: [attempting to make an inspirational speech to the other cooks] Tonight is a big night. Appetite is coming, and he's gonna have a big ego. I mean, Ego! He's coming. The, the critic? And he's gonna order... something. Something from our menu, and we'll have to cook it...

§Ratatouille ¤ Colette: So you see, we are artist, pirate. More than cooks are we. Linguini: We? Colette: Oui. You are one of us now, oui? Linguini: Oui.

§Ratatouille ¤ Colette: [to Linguini] How do you tell how good bread is without tasting it? Not the smell, not the look, but the *sound* of the crust. Listen. [she presses the bread between her hands] Colette: Oh, symphony of crackle. Only great bread sound this way. [cut] Colette: The only way to get the best produce is to have first pick of the day, and there are only two way to get first pick. Grow it yourself, or bribe a grower. Voilà! The best restaurant get first pick. [cut] Colette: People think haute cuisine is snooty. So chef must also be snooty. But not so. Lalo there? Ran away from home at twelve. Got hired by circus people as an acrobat. And then, he get fired for messing around with the ringmaster's daughter.

§Ratatouille ¤ Mustafa: [panicked] Someone has asked what is new! Horst: New? Mustafa: Yes! What do I tell them? Horst: Well, what *did* you tell them? Mustafa: I told them I would ask! Skinner: What are you blathering about? Horst: Customers are asking what is new! Mustafa: What should I tell them? Skinner: What *did* you tell them? Mustafa: [exasperated] I TOLD THEM I WOULD ASK! Skinner: This is simple. Just pull out an old Gusteau recipe, something we haven't made in a while... Mustafa: They know about the old stuff. They like Linguini's soup. Skinner: They are asking for food from LINGUINI?

§Ratatouille ¤ Larousse: Hey, boss, look who it is! Alfredo Linguini! Renata's little boy! All grown up, eh? You remember Renata. Gusteau's old flame? Skinner: Ah, yes. How are you, uh... Larousse: Linguini. Skinner: Yes, Linguini, so nice of you to visit. How is, uh...? Linguini: My mother? Skinner: Yes... Larousse: Renata. Skinner: Yes, Renata. How is she? Linguini: Good... well, not... good... She's been better. She's, uh... she... Horst: She died. Skinner: [attempting to care] Oh, uh, I'm sorry. Linguini: Well, don't be. She believed in Heaven, so she's covered... you know, afterlife-wise? Uh... [clumsily gives Skinner a letter] Skinner: What is this? Linguini: She left it for you. I think she hoped it would help... me. You know, get a job... Here?

§Ratatouille ¤ Skinner: Surely you don't expect me to believe this is your first time cooking? Linguini: It's not. Skinner: I KNEW IT! Linguini: It's my... second, third, fourth, fifth time. Monday was my first time. But I've taken out the garbage lots of times before that... Skinner: Yes, yes, yes, have some more wine.

§Ratatouille ¤ Django: [to Remy] Food is fuel. You get picky about what you put in the tank, your engine is gonna die. Now shut up and eat your garbage.

§Ratatouille ¤ Remy: [cooking a mushroom over the chimney] The key is to keep turning it. Get the smoky flavor niiice and even... [thunder rumbles in the distance] Emile: That storm's getting closer. Hey, Remy? You think that maybe we shouldn't be so... [lightning strikes both; they fall off the roof] Remy: [laying on his back, Remy tastes the electrocuted mushroom] Whoa, you gotta taste this! This is... oh, it's got this kind of... mmm, it's burny, melty... it's not really a smoky taste. It's more like a certain... Pshew! It's got like this "Ba-boom! Zap!" kind of taste. Don't you think? What would you call that flavor? Emile: [hesitantly] Lightning-y? Remy: Yeah! It's lightning-y! Oh, we gotta do that again! Okay, when the next storm comes, we'll go up on the roof... I know what this needs! Saffron. A little saffron would make this! Emile: Saffron. Why do I get the feeling... Remy, Emile: [together] It's in the kitchen.

§Ratatouille ¤ Linguini: [Remy is controlling his movements by pulling his hair] That's strangely involuntareeee!

§Ratatouille ¤ Colette: I know the Gusteau style cold. In every dish, Chef Gusteau always has something unexpected. I will show you. I memorize all his recipe. Linguini: [writing in notebook] Always do something unexpected. Colette: No. Follow the recipe. Linguini: But you just said that... Colette: [interrupts] No-no-no-no. It was *his* job to be unexpected. It is *our* job to... Colette, Linguini: [together, as Linguini rewrites the advice] ... follow the recipe.

§Ratatouille ¤ Colette: [reading a recipe] Sweetbread a la Gusteau: Sweetbread cooked in a seaweed salt crust with cuttlefish tentacle, dog rose puree, geoduck egg, dried white fungus? Anchovy licorice sauce... Uh, I don't know this recipe, but it's Gusteau, so... Colette: [calling] Lalo! We have some veal stomach soaking, yes? Lalo: Yes, veal stomach, I get that. Linguini: Veal... stomach?

§Ratatouille ¤ Skinner: [to Linguini] Welcome to Hell. Skinner: Now recreate the soup.

§Ratatouille ¤ Gusteau: [on the TV] How can I describe it? Good food is like music you can taste, color you can smell. There is excellence all around you. You need only to be aware to stop and savor it. [Remy tastes food accompanied by synesthetic visions of color and music] Remy: Oh, Gusteau was right. Oh, mmm, yeah. Each flavor was totally unique. But, combine one flavor with another, and something new was created!

§Room ¤ Jack: I've been in the world 37 hours. I've seen pancakes, and a stairs, and birds, and windows, and hundreds of cars. And clouds, and police, and doctors, and grandma and grandpa. But Ma says they don't live together in the hammock house anymore. Grandma lives there with her friend Leo now. And Grandpa lives far away. I've seen persons with different faces, and bigness, and smells, talking all together. The world's like all TV planets on at the same time, so I don't know which way to look and listen. There's doors and... more doors. And behind all the doors, there's another inside, and another outside. And things happen, happen, HAPPENING. It never stops. Plus, the world's always changing brightness, and hotness. And there's invisible germs floating everywhere. When I was small, I only knew small things. But now I'm five, I know EVERYTHING!

§Room ¤ Ma: You're gonna love it. Jack: What? Ma: The world.

§Room ¤ Jack: There's so much of "place" in the world. There's less time because the time has to be spread extra thin over all the places, like butter. so all the persons say "Hurry up! Let's get going! Pick up the pace! Finish up now!". Ma was in a hurry to go "boing" up to Heaven, but she forgot me. Dumbo Ma! So the aliens threw her back down. CRASH! And broke her.

§Room ¤ [first lines] Ma: Ssh. Go back to sleep. Jack: [reciting to himself] Once upon a time, before I came, you cried and cried and watched TV all day, until you were a zombie. But then I zoomed down from heaven, through skylight, into Room. Whoosh-pshew! And I was kicking you from the inside. Boom, boom! And then I shot out onto Rug with my eyes wide open, and you cutt-ed the cord and said, "Hello, Jack!"

§Room ¤ Jack: There are so many things out here. And sometimes it's scary. But that's ok. Because it's still just you and me...

§Room ¤ [last lines] Jack: Say bye to Room, Ma. Ma: [mouths silently] Bye, Room.

§Room ¤ Jack: When I was small, I only knew small things. But now I'm five, I know everything!

§Room ¤ Jack: It's because door's open. Ma: What? Jack: It can't really be room if door's open.

§Room ¤ Nancy: Hello, Jack. Thanks for saving our little girl.

§Room ¤ Ma: I'm sorry Jack. Jack: It's okay. Don't do it again. Ma: I promise Jack: Are you better now? Ma: Yeah, I'm starting to be. Hey, Jack? Jack: Yeah? Ma: When Grandma brought this to me [Shows Jack the trimmings of his hair] Ma: I knew that I could get better. You saved me... Again.

§Room ¤ Jack: When I was four, I didn't even know about the world, and now me and ma are going to live in it forever and ever until we're dead. This is a street in a city in a country called America, and earth. That's a blue and green planet, always spinning, so I don't know why we don't fall off. Then, there's outer space. And nobody knows where's heaven. Ma and I have decided that because we don't know what we like, we get to try everything. There are so many things out here. And sometimes, it's scary, but that's okay, because it's still just you and me.

§Room ¤ [last lines] Jack: It can't really be Room if door's open. Ma: Do you want me to close it? Jack: Nah. Ma: Jack, can we go? Jack: Bye, plant. Bye, chair number one. Bye, chair number two. Bye, table. Bye, wardrobe. Bye, sink. Bye-bye, skylight. Ma, say bye-bye to room.

§Room ¤ Jack: Are we in another planet? Ma: Same one. Just a different spot.

§Room ¤ Ma: He needs to play with something real. I'm worried about him being on the phone. Nancy: He's doing fine. Ma: Well, I don't give him my phone, so I'd appreciate it if you didn't give him yours. Nancy: Okay, I won't. Ma: Great. [pause] Ma: I just want him to connect with something. Nancy: Joy. Joy, he's really doing fine. Ma: I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm supposed to be happy. Nancy: You just need to rest, okay? Ma: No, I don't. I don't need to rest! Nancy: That's... That's what the doctor... Ma: [Interrupts] That is not what the doctor said. You don't know what he said, because it was a confidential conversation, and you don't know what he said! Nancy: All right, all right, all right! You're impossible to talk to right now. Ma: Well, sorry. Nancy: No. No, you're not sorry! Ma: Yeah, I'm not sorry! You have no idea what's going on in my head. Nancy: Yeah. Well, try me! I have asked you. Ma: And then what? Then, every time you look at me, that's all that you see? Nancy: When I look at you, Joy, I will see my daughter. Ma: You don't need me. You've been doing just fine without me. Nancy: Oh. How can you say that, huh? Do you honestly think that you were the only one whose life was destroyed? Ma: [Interrupts] Actually, that's exactly what I think. Nancy: Yeah? Well how would you feel if somebody took Jack away from you? Ma: Oh, shut up! Nancy: Look at him! You should be thinking about him! Ma: Oh, don't you tell me how to look after my son. I'm sorry that I'm not nice anymore, but you know what? Maybe if your voice saying "be nice" hadn't been in my head, then maybe I wouldn't have helped the guy with the fucking sick dog! Stay there, Jack. I'm calling the fucking lawyer. I can't stay in this place.

§Room ¤ Jack: Do you think this will work? Can my strong be her strong, too? Nancy: Oh. Of course it can. We all help each other stay strong. No one is strong alone. You know, you and your mom, you help each other through, don't you? Jack: Yep. Nancy: Mmm-hmm. And you and me, you and Leo, Leo and me. We all have the same strong. Jack: [thinks] I guess you're right.

§Room ¤ Jack: Ma and I have decided that since we don't know what we like, we get to try *everything.*

§Room ¤ Jack: I love you Grandma. Nancy: I love you too Jack.

§Room ¤ Jack: Grandma? Nancy: Yes? Jack: I need the scissors. Nancy: What for? Jack: For cutting my hair. Nancy: Do you really want to do that? Jack: I want to send it to Ma. Nancy: How come? Jack: She needs my strong more than me, so I want to send it to her, or you could take it to her? Nancy: I could help you, if you'd like? Jack: Yes please.

§Room ¤ Jack: Eggsnake's our longest friend and fanciest. Meltedy spoon's the best to eat with because he's more blobbier. Labyrinth is the twistiest and she hides things so I don't know where they are. Toilet's the best at disappearing poo. Lamp's the brightest, except when the power's cut. You're the best at reading and songs and lots, except if you're having a gone day. I'm the best at drawing, and jumping, and growing, and nearly everything!

§Room ¤ Talk Show Hostess: When he's older, will you tell Jack about his father? Ma: Jack's not his. He's not his. Talk Show Hostess: So are you saying that there were other men? Ma: No! No. Um... A father is... a man who loves his child. Talk Show Hostess: Of course. That's so true in a very real sense, but the... the biological relationship that you... Ma: There is no biological relationship. Jack is nobody's but mine.

§Room ¤ Jack: Is bad tooth hurting? Ma: Mmhmm, but you know mind over matter. Jack: If you don't mind, it doesn't matter Ma: You're right. Hey do you know what we're gonna do today? Jack: What? Ma: We're going to bake a birthday cake Jack: A birthday cake? Ma: Mmhmm Jack: Like from TV? Ma: Mmhmm, but for real Jack: No way!

§Room ¤ Ma: You're five and you're old enough to understand what the world there is. You have to understand. YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND. We can't keep living like this. You need to help me. Jack: I wanna be four again.

§Room ¤ Ma: I'm sorry that I'm not nice anymore, but you know what? Maybe if your voice saying "be nice" hadn't been in my head, then maybe I wouldn't have helped the guy with the fucking sick dog!

§Room ¤ Jack: [thinking to himself] One, two, three... There's room, then outer space, with all the TV planets, then heaven. Plant is real, but not trees. Spiders are real, and one time the mosquito that was sucking my blood. But squirrels and dogs are just TV, except lucky. He's my dog who might come some day. Monsters are too big to be real, and the sea. TV persons are flat and made of colors. But me and you are real.

§Room ¤ Ma: One day when I was seventeen, I was walking home from school... Jack: Where was I? Ma: You were still in up heaven. But there was a guy. He pretended that his dog was sick. Jack: What guy? Ma: Old Nick. We call him "Old Nick". I don't know what his real name is. He pretended his dog was sick... Jack: What's the dog's name? Ma: Jack, there's wasn't a dog! He was trying to trick me, OK? There wasn't a dog, Old Nick stole me. Jack: I want a different story! Ma: No! This is the story that you get! He put me in his garden shed. Here. Room is the shed. He's locked the door. He's the only one who knows the code. You know, the secret numbers that open the door? He's the only one who knows, and I've been locked in here for seven years. I've been in here for seven years, OK. Jack: This story is boring! Ma: Jack, the world is so big. It's so big, you wouldn't believe it. And room is just one stinky part of it. Jack: Room's not stinky, only when you do a fart! [Both start crying] Ma: Oh God, OK. Jack: I don't believe in your STINKY world!

§Room ¤ Ma: [finds a photo of her relay race team] You know who that is? Jack: This? That's you. Ma: Yeah, that's me. And Stacy Benton and Heather Noel and Laura Sullivan. We were on a relay team. I was the anchor. I was really fast. We did track. Jack: Real track? Ma: Mmm-hmm. On a field. [long pause] Ma: You know what happened to them? Jack: No. Ma: Exactly. [puts the photo down and tries to busy herself] Ma: Nothing. They just lived their life and nothing happened.

§Room ¤ Ma: [about the mouse] He's on the other side of this wall. Jack: What other side? Ma: Jack, there's two sides to everything. Jack: Not on an octagon. Ma: Yeah, but... Jack: [Interrupts] An octagon has eight sides Ma: But a wall, okay, a wall's like this, see? And we're on the inside and mouse is on the outside. Jack: In outer space? Ma: No, in the world. It's much closer than outer space. Jack: I can't see the outside-side. Ma: Listen, I know that I told you something else before, but you were much younger. I didn't think that you could understand, but now you're so old, you're so smart. I know that you can get this. Where do you think that old Nick gets our food? Jack: From TV by magic!

§Room ¤ Old Nick: What's that smell? Ma: Sorry, I burned some cheese. Here. I just wasn't thinking. Old Nick: Well, thinking is not your strong suit.

§Room ¤ Officer Parker: What made you jump out the truck, Jack? Jack: Ma said in my head. Officer Parker: Okay, what exactly did she say? Jack: Jump when it slows down, but I couldn't. Officer Parker: All right. So what did you do? What did you do? Jack: Third time, I got bent. Officer Parker: The... third time of what, Jack? Jack: Third slow. Everything went sideways, and then it stopped, then I jumped... Officer Parker: I got it. Jack: ...into... Officer Parker: I got it, buddy. I got it. [into her radio] Officer Parker: 54-09 call. Dispatch, listen carefully. We have a rough location. All right, uh... south on Elm, three stop signs past the junction with Beech. Look for a garden shed with a skylight. Also check the most recent satellite images for a red pick-up in the driveway. 54-09 en route. Officer Grabowski: Unbelievable. Officer Parker: Good boy, Jack.

§Room ¤ Officer Parker: Is there daylight in your room? [Jack nods] Officer Parker: Okay, good. How many windows? Jack: Zero. Officer Parker: Well, then how does the sun come in? Jack: Through Skylight. Officer Parker: Skylight? Okay, excellent. So you live in a house with a skylight? Jack: No, it's not a house. Officer Parker: Okay. Jack: It's a... Officer Parker: Yeah? Jack: It's a... Officer Grabowski: Uh, you'd get more out of him after he's had some sleep. Officer Parker: Tom, give it a second. Jack: Room's a... a shed.

§Room ¤ Ma: I'm not a good enough Ma. Jack: But you're Ma. Ma: [laughing and crying] I am. I am.

§Room ¤ [first lines] Ma: Go back to sleep.

§Room ¤ Old Nick: [approaching the closet where Jack is hiding] Hey, you want some candy? Ma: Come to bed. Please. Old Nick: Please? Didn't your momma ever teach you any manners, young lady?

§Room ¤ Jack: Is this Room? Ma: Yeah. Jack: Has it gotten shrinked? Where is everything? Ma: Taken for evidence. Proof that we were here.

§Room ¤ Ma: You know when your Grandma asks you a question? You can answer her. You don't need to say everything to me, okay?

§Room ¤ Jack: What are those? Ma: Those are toys, gifts for you, from people that are very happy that we got home safe. Jack: What people? Ma: Just people.

§Room ¤ Dr. Mittal: The most important thing you did was get him out while he's still plastic. Ma: What? Jack: [whispering in her ear] I'm not plastic. Dr. Mittal: What's that, Jack? Ma: He says that he's... he's real. He's not plastic. Dr. Mittal: Well, you got me there, Jack. You're real. And you're very brave.

§Room ¤ Old Nick: What is that? !s that a birthday cake? Ma: Mm. Old Nick: You should have told me. I'd have gotten him a present. So how old is he, anyway? Four? Jack: [whispering] Five.

§Room ¤ Talk Show Hostess: When he was born, did it... did it ever occur to you to ask your captor to take Jack away? Ma: Away? Talk Show Hostess: Well, to take him to a hospital, say, leave him there, where he could be found? Ma: Why... why would I do that? Talk Show Hostess: So Jack could be free. Now, this is the ultimate sacrifice, and I understand that, but did you think about him having a normal childhood? Ma: But he had me. Talk Show Hostess: Of course he did. But was that the best thing for him?

§Room ¤ Jack: You got soup in my eye.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: [repeated line by The Dude and others] That rug really tied the room together.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Let me explain something to you. Um, I am not "Mr. Lebowski". You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. You know, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: Nihilists! Fuck me. I mean, say what you want about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it's an ethos.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Stranger: Take it easy, Dude. The Dude: Oh, yeah! The Stranger: I know that you will. The Dude: Yeah, well - the Dude abides. [Exits with beers in hand] The Stranger: [to the camera] The Dude abides. I don't know about you but I take comfort in that. It's good knowin' he's out there. The Dude. Takin' 'er easy for all us sinners.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ [repeated line] Walter Sobchak: Shut the fuck up, Donny.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Walter, I love you, but sooner or later, you're going to have to face the fact you're a goddamn moron.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Blond Treehorn Thug: [holding up a bowling ball] What the fuck is this? The Dude: Obviously you're not a golfer.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Jesus Quintana: Are you ready to be fucked, man? I see you rolled your way into the semis. Dios mio, man. Liam and me, we're gonna fuck you up. The Dude: Yeah, well, you know, that's just like, uh, your opinion, man. Jesus Quintana: Let me tell *you* something, pendejo. You pull any of your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes, I'll take it away from you, and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger 'til it goes "click." The Dude: Jesus. Jesus Quintana: You said it, man. Nobody fucks with the Jesus. [walks off] Walter Sobchak: Eight-year-olds, Dude.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Rug pee-ers did not do this. Look at it: a young trophy wife, marries this guy for his money, she figures he hasn't given her enough, you know, she owes money all over town. Walter Sobchak: That, fuckin' - bitch... The Dude: It's all a god damn fake, man. It's like Lenin said: you look for the person who will benefit, and, uh, uh, you know... Donny: I am the walrus. The Dude: You know, you'll uh, uh - well, you know what I'm trying' to say... Donny: I am the walrus. Walter Sobchak: That fucking bitch! The Dude: Oh yeah! Donny: I am the walrus. Walter Sobchak: Shut the fuck up, Donny! V.I. Lenin. Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov! Donny: What the fuck is he talking about?

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Big Lebowski: Are you employed, sir? The Dude: Employed? The Big Lebowski: You don't go out looking for a job dressed like that? On a weekday? The Dude: Is this a... what day is this? The Big Lebowski: Well, I do work sir, so if you don't mind... The Dude: I do mind, the Dude minds. This will not stand, ya know, this aggression will not stand, man.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ [being forced into a limousine] The Dude: Hey, careful, man, there's a beverage here!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: God damn you Walter! You fuckin' asshole! Everything's a fuckin' travesty with you, man! And what was all that shit about Vietnam? What the FUCK, has anything got to do with Vietnam? What the fuck are you talking about?

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Mr. Treehorn treats objects like women, man.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Bunny Lebowski: I'll suck your cock for a thousand dollars. Brandt: Ah hahahahaha! Wonderful woman. We're all, we're all very fond of her. Very free-spirited. Bunny Lebowski: Brandt can't watch, though, or he has to pay a hundred. Brandt: Ah haha. That's marvelous. The Dude: Uh, I'm just gonna go find a cash machine.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: [shouted repeatedly while smashing a car with a crow bar] Walter Sobchak: This is what happens when you fuck a stranger in the ass! Walter Sobchak: This is what happens when you find a stranger in the Alps! [censored version]

§The Big Lebowski ¤ [first lines] The Stranger: [voiceover] Way out west there was this fella... fella I wanna tell ya about. Fella by the name of Jeff Lebowski. At least that was the handle his loving parents gave him, but he never had much use for it himself. Mr. Lebowski, he called himself "The Dude". Now, "Dude" - that's a name no one would self-apply where I come from. But then there was a lot about the Dude that didn't make a whole lot of sense. And a lot about where he lived, likewise. But then again, maybe that's why I found the place so darned interestin'. They call Los Angeles the "City Of Angels." I didn't find it to be that, exactly. But I'll allow there are some nice folks there. 'Course I can't say I've seen London, and I ain't never been to France. And I ain't never seen no queen in her damned undies, so the feller says. But I'll tell you what - after seeing Los Angeles, and this here story I'm about to unfold, well, I guess I seen somethin' every bit as stupefyin' as you'd see in any of them other places. And in English, too. So I can die with a smile on my face, without feelin' like the good Lord gypped me. Now this here story I'm about to unfold took place back in the early '90s - just about the time of our conflict with Sad'm and the I-raqis. I only mention it because sometimes there's a man... I won't say a hero, 'cause, what's a hero? But sometimes, there's a man. And I'm talkin' about the Dude here. Sometimes, there's a man, well, he's the man for his time and place. He fits right in there. And that's the Dude, in Los Angeles. And even if he's a lazy man - and the Dude was most certainly that. Quite possibly the laziest in Los Angeles County, which would place him high in the runnin' for laziest worldwide. But sometimes there's a man, sometimes, there's a man. Aw. I lost my train of thought here. But... aw, hell. I've done introduced him enough.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ [Maude shows the porn video starring Bunny to the Dude] Sherry in 'Logjammin': [on video] You must be here to fix the cable. Maude Lebowski: Lord. You can imagine where it goes from here. The Dude: He fixes the cable? Maude Lebowski: Don't be fatuous, Jeffrey.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Stranger: Sometimes you eat the bear, and sometimes, well, he eats you.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: Am I wrong? The Dude: No you're not wrong. Walter Sobchak: Am I wrong? The Dude: You're not wrong Walter. You're just an asshole. Walter Sobchak: Okay then.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: I'm saying, I see what you're getting at, Dude, he kept the money. My point is, here we are, it's shabbas, the sabbath, which I'm allowed to break only if it's a matter of life or death... The Dude: Will you come off it, Walter? You're not even fucking Jewish, man. Walter Sobchak: What the fuck are you talkin' about? The Dude: Man, you're fucking Polish Catholic... Walter Sobchak: What the fuck are you talking about? I converted when I married Cynthia! Come on, Dude! The Dude: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah... Walter Sobchak: And you know this! The Dude: Yeah, and five fucking years ago you were divorced. Walter Sobchak: So what are you saying? When you get divorced you turn in your library card? You get a new license? You stop being Jewish? The Dude: It's all a part of your sick Cynthia thing, man. Taking care of her fucking dog. Going to her fucking synagogue. You're living in the fucking past. Walter Sobchak: Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax... [shouting] Walter Sobchak: YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT I'M LIVIN' IN THE FUCKIN' PAST!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: Fuck it, Dude, let's go bowling.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Maude Lebowski: What do you do for recreation? The Dude: Oh, the usual. I bowl. Drive around. The occasional acid flashback.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Walter, ya know, it's Smokey, so his toe slipped over the line a little, big deal. It's just a game, man. Walter Sobchak: Dude, this is a league game, this determines who enters the next round robin. Am I wrong? Am I wrong? Smokey: Yeah, but I wasn't over. Gimme the marker Dude, I'm marking it 8. Walter Sobchak: [pulls out a gun] Smokey, my friend, you are entering a world of pain. The Dude: Walter... Walter Sobchak: You mark that frame an 8, and you're entering a world of pain. Smokey: I'm not... Walter Sobchak: A world of pain. Smokey: Dude, he's your partner... Walter Sobchak: [shouting] Has the whole world gone crazy? Am I the only one around here who gives a shit about the rules? Mark it zero! The Dude: They're calling the cops, put the piece away. Walter Sobchak: Mark it zero! [points gun in Smokey's face] The Dude: Walter... Walter Sobchak: [shouting] You think I'm fucking around here? Mark it zero! Smokey: All right, it's fucking zero. Are you happy, you crazy fuck? Walter Sobchak: ...It's a league game, Smokey.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Younger Cop: And was there anything of value in the car? The Dude: Oh, uh, yeah, uh... a tape deck, some Creedence tapes, and there was a, uh... uh, my briefcase. Younger Cop: [expectant pause] In the briefcase? The Dude: Uh, uh, papers, um, just papers, uh, you know, uh, my papers, business papers. Younger Cop: And what do you do, sir? The Dude: I'm unemployed.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Walter, what is the point? Look, we all know who is at fault here, what the fuck are you talking about? Walter Sobchak: Huh? No, what the fuck are you... I'm not... We're talking about unchecked aggression here, dude. Donny: What the fuck is he talking about? The Dude: My rug. Walter Sobchak: Forget it, Donny, you're out of your element! The Dude: Walter, the chinaman who peed on my rug, I can't go give him a bill, so what the fuck are you talking about? Walter Sobchak: What the fuck are you talking about? The chinaman is not the issue here, Dude. I'm talking about drawing a line in the sand, Dude. Across this line, you DO NOT... Also, Dude, "chinaman" is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian-American, please. The Dude: Walter, this isn't a guy who built the railroads here. This is a guy... Walter Sobchak: What the fuck are you...? The Dude: Walter, he peed on my rug! Donny: He peed on the Dude's rug. Walter Sobchak: Donny, you're out of your element! Dude, the chinaman is not the issue here!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Walter... what am I going to tell Lebowski? Walter Sobchak: I told that fuck down at the league office... who's in charge of scheduling? The Dude: Walter... Donny: Burkhalter. Walter Sobchak: I told that kraut a fucking thousand times that I don't roll on Shabbos! The Dude: Walter... Donny: They already posted it. Walter Sobchak: Well they can *fucking unpost it*! The Dude: Who gives a shit! They're gonna kill that poor woman, man! What am I gonna tell Lebowski? Walter Sobchak: C'mon Dude, eventually she'll get sick of her little game and, you know, wander on back. Donny: How come you don't roll on Saturday, Walter? Walter Sobchak: I'm shomer shabbos. Donny: What's that? The Dude: Yeah, and in the meantime, what do I tell Lebowski? Walter Sobchak: Saturday, Donny, is Shabbos, the Jewish day of rest. That means that I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit *don't fucking roll*! Donny: Sheesh. Walter Sobchak: Shomer shabbos! The Dude: Walter, how am I going to... Walter Sobchak: Shomer fucking shabbos. The Dude: Oh fuck it. I'm out of here. Walter Sobchak: Come on, Dude... [rolls his eyes at Donny] Walter Sobchak: Fucking BABY... [Donny nods]

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: He lives in North Hollywood on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger... The Dude: The In-and-Out Burger is on Camrose. Walter Sobchak: Near the In-and-Out Burger... Donny: Those are good burgers, Walter. Walter Sobchak: Shut the fuck up, Donny.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ [while dunking the Dude's head in the toilet] Blond Treehorn Thug: Where's the money, Lebowski? Where's the fucking money, shithead? The Dude: It's uh... uh... it's down there somewhere, let me take another look.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Nobody calls me Lebowski. You got the wrong guy. I'm the Dude, man. Blond Treehorn Thug: Your name's Lebowski, Lebowski. Your wife is Bunny. The Dude: My... my wi-, my wife, Bunny? Do you see a wedding ring on my finger? Does this place look like I'm fucking married? The toilet seat's up, man!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: We dropped off the damn money... The Big Lebowski: We? The Dude: I! The Royal "we"! You know, the editorial...

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Fuck sympathy! I don't need your fuckin' sympathy, man, I need my fucking johnson! Donny: What do you need that for, Dude?

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: Were you listening to The Dude's story, Donny? The Dude: Walter... Donny: What? Walter Sobchak: Were you listening to The Dude's story? Donny: I was bowling. Walter Sobchak: So you have no frame of reference here, Donny. You're like a child who wanders into the middle of a movie and wants to know... The Dude: (interrupting) Walter, Walter, what's the point, man? Walter Sobchak: There's no reason - here's my point, dude, there's no fucking reason why these two... Donny: Yeah, Walter, what's your point?

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Stranger: There's just one thing, Dude. The Dude: And what's that? The Stranger: Do you have to use so many cuss words? The Dude: What the fuck you talking about? The Stranger: Okay, Dude. Have it your way.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: That rug really tied the room together, did it not? The Dude: Fuckin' A. Donny: And this guy peed on it. Walter Sobchak: Donny, please.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: This is a very complicated case, Maude. You know, a lotta ins, a lotta outs, a lotta what-have-yous. And, uh, a lotta strands to keep in my head, man. Lotta strands in old Duder's head.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Maude Lebowski: Does the female form make you uncomfortable, Mr. Lebowski? The Dude: Uh, is that what this is a picture of? Maude Lebowski: In a sense, yes. My art has been commended as being strongly vaginal which bothers some men. The word itself makes some men uncomfortable. Vagina. The Dude: Oh yeah? Maude Lebowski: Yes, they don't like hearing it and find it difficult to say whereas without batting an eye a man will refer to his dick or his rod or his Johnson. The Dude: Johnson?

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Jesus Quintana: Nobody fucks with the Jesus!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: What's in the fuckin' carrier? Walter Sobchak: Huh? Oh, that's Cynthia's dog. I think it's a Pomeranian. I can't leave him home alone or he eats the furniture. I'm watching him while Cynthia and Marty Ackerman are in Hawaii. The Dude: You brought the fuckin' Pomeranian bowling? Walter Sobchak: What do you mean brought it bowling, Dude? I didn't rent it shoes. I'm not buying it a fucking beer. He's not taking your fucking turn, Dude. The Dude: Man, if my fuckin' ex-wife asked me to take care of her fuckin' dog while she and her boyfriend went to Honolulu I'd tell her to go fuck herself.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: You want a toe? I can get you a toe, believe me. There are ways, Dude. You don't wanna know about it, believe me. The Dude: Yeah, but Walter... Walter Sobchak: Hell, I can get you a toe by 3 o'clock this afternoon... with nail polish. These fucking amateurs...

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Jesus, man, could you change the channel? Cab Driver: Fuck you man. If you don't like my fuckin' music get your own fuckin' cab! The Dude: I had a rough... Cab Driver: I pull over and kick your ass out! The Dude: Come on, man. I had a rough night and I hate the fuckin' Eagles, man!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: Lady, I got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and I could enjoy this family restaurant!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Look, just stay away from my fucking lady friend. Da Fino: Hey, I'm not messing with your special lady. The Dude: She's not my special lady, she's my fucking lady friend. I'm just helping her conceive, man!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: Also, let's not forget - let's *not* forget, Dude - that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent, for uh, domestic, you know, within the city - that aint legal either. The Dude: What are you, a fucking park ranger now? Walter Sobchak: No, I'm... The Dude: Who gives a shit about the fucking marmot!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: Just take it easy man. Walter Sobchak: I'm perfectly calm Dude. The Dude: [shouting] Yeah, waving the fucking gun around? Walter Sobchak: Calmer than you are. The Dude: Will you just take it easy? Walter Sobchak: Calmer than you are.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Da Fino, Private Snoop: I'm a brother shamus! The Dude: Brother Seamus? Like an Irish monk? Da Fino, Private Snoop: What the fuck are you talking about?

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Big Lebowski: What makes a man, Mr. Lebowski? The Dude: Dude. The Big Lebowski: Huh? The Dude: Uhh... I don't know sir. The Big Lebowski: Is it being prepared to do the right thing, whatever the cost? Isn't that what makes a man? The Dude: Hmmm... Sure, that and a pair of testicles.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ Walter Sobchak: Donny was a good bowler, and a good man. He was one of us. He was a man who loved the outdoors... and bowling, and as a surfer he explored the beaches of Southern California, from La Jolla to Leo Carrillo and... up to... Pismo. He died, like so many young men of his generation, he died before his time. In your wisdom, Lord, you took him, as you took so many bright flowering young men at Khe Sanh, at Langdok, at Hill 364. These young men gave their lives. And so would Donny. Donny, who loved bowling. And so, Theodore Donald Karabotsos, in accordance with what we think your dying wishes might well have been, we commit your final mortal remains to the bosom of the Pacific Ocean, which you loved so well. Good night, sweet prince.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Big Lebowski: I didn't blame anyone for the loss of my legs. Some chinaman took them from me in Korea.

§The Big Lebowski ¤ [the Dude, Walter, and Donny walk out of the bowling alley, to find the three Nihilists waiting in front of the Dude's car, which has been torched] The Dude: Well, they finally did it. They killed my fucking car. Nihilist: Ve vant ze money, Lebowski. Nihilist #2: Ja, uzzervize ve kill ze girl. Nihilist #3: Ja, it seems you have forgotten our little deal, Lebowski. The Dude: You don't HAVE the fucking girl, dipshits! We know you never did! [the Nihilists, stunned, confer amongst themselves in German] Donny: Are these the Nazis, Walter? Walter Sobchak: No, Donny, these men are nihilists, there's nothing to be afraid of. Nihilist: Ve don't care. Ve still vant ze money, Lebowski, or ve fuck you ups. Walter Sobchak: Fuck you. Fuck the three of you. The Dude: Hey, cool it Walter. Walter Sobchak: No, without a hostage, there is no ransom. That's what ransom is. Those are the fucking rules. Nihilist #2: His girlfriend gave up her toe! Nihilist #3: She though we'd be getting million dollars! Nihilist #2: Iss not fair! Walter Sobchak: Fair! WHO'S THE FUCKING NIHILIST HERE! WHAT ARE YOU, A BUNCH OF FUCKING CRYBABIES? The Dude: Hey, cool it Walter. Look, pal, there never was any money. The big Lebowski gave me an empty briefcase, so take it up with him, man! Walter Sobchak: And, I would like my undies back. [Stunned, the Germans confer amongst themselves again] Donny: Are they gonna hurt us, Walter? Walter Sobchak: No, Donny. These men are cowards. Nihilist: Okay. So we take ze money you haf on you, und ve calls it eefen. Walter Sobchak: Fuck you!

§The Big Lebowski ¤ The Dude: I dropped off the money exactly as per... look, man, I've got certain information, all right? Certain things have come to light. And, you know, has it ever occurred to you, that, instead of, uh, you know, running around, uh, uh, blaming me, you know, given the nature of all this new shit, you know, I-I-I-I... this could be a-a-a-a lot more, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, complex, I mean, it's not just, it might not be just such a simple... uh, you know? The Big Lebowski: What in God's holy name are you blathering about? The Dude: I'll tell you what I'm blathering about... I've got information man! New shit has come to light! And shit... man, she kidnapped herself. Well sure, man. Look at it... a young trophy wife, in the parlance of our times, you know, and she, uh, uh, owes money all over town, including to known pornographers, and that's cool... that's, that's cool, I'm, I'm saying, she needs money, man. And of course they're going to say that they didn't get it, because... she wants more, man! She's got to feed the monkey, I mean uh... hasn't that ever occurred to you, man? Sir?

§Tokyo Story ¤ Kyoko: [after the rest of the family had left] I think they should have stayed a bit longer. Noriko: But they're busy. Kyoko: They're selfish. Demanding things and leaving like this. Noriko: They have their own affairs. Kyoko: But you have yours too. They're selfish. Noriko: But Kyoko... Kyoko: Wanting her clothes right after her death. I felt so sorry for poor mother. Even strangers would have been more considerate! Noriko: But look Kyoko. At your age I thought so too. But children do drift away from their parents. A woman has her own life, apart from her parents, when she becomes Shige's age. She meant no harm I'm sure. They have to look after their own lives. Kyoko: I wonder: I won't ever be like that. Then what's the point of family? Noriko: But children become like that, gradually. Kyoko: Then... you, too? Noriko: I may become like that in spite of myself. Kyoko: Isn't life disappointing? Noriko: Yes, it is.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Tomi Hirayama: [speaking to her little grandson Isamu] - What are you going to be when you grow up? A doctor like your father? [Isamu doesn't answer and continues to pick grass] Tomi Hirayama: By the time you become a doctor, I wonder if I'll still be here.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shukichi Hirayama: [Looking at sunrise the morning after Tomi died] It was such a beautiful dawn.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Tomi Hirayama: You may be happy while you're still young. But as you become older, you'll find it lonely. Noriko: I won't get that old, so don't worry.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Tetsudou-shokuin: How old is she? Keizo Hirayama: Let me see. She's way over 60. Sixty-seven or 68, maybe. Tetsudou-shokuin: Very old. Take good care of her. "Be a good son while your parents are alive." Keizo Hirayama: That's right. "None can serve his parents beyond the grave."

§Tokyo Story ¤ Kurazo Kaneko: [returning from shopping] I brought some cakes for them. [to Shige] Kurazo Kaneko: Have one. They're good. Shige Kaneko: [taking a cake] They don't need such expensive cakes. Kurazo Kaneko: [eating a cake] Good, eh? Shige Kaneko: [eating a cake] Good, but too expensive. Crackers would have been good enough for them. Kurazo Kaneko: But they had crackers yesterday.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shukichi Hirayama: But if I had known things would come to this, I'd have been kinder to her while she was alive.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Sanpei Numata: I'm afraid we expect too much of our children. They lack spirit. They lack ambition. I've told that to my son. He said that there are too many people in Tokyo. That it's hard to get ahead. What do you think? Young people today have no backbone. Where is there spirit? That's not how I raised him!

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shukichi Hirayama: I'm surprised how children change. Shige used to be much nicer before. A married daughter is like a stranger. Tomi Hirayama: Koichi has changed too. He used to be such a nice boy. Shukichi Hirayama: Children don't live up to their parents' expectations. Let's just be happy that they're better than most. Tomi Hirayama: They're certainly better than average. We're fortunate. Shukichi Hirayama: I think so. We should consider ourselves lucky. Tomi Hirayama: Yes, we are very lucky.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shukichi Hirayama: [talking to Tomi about leaving the hotel early] Anyway, this place is meant for the younger generation.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Sanpei Numata: I often wish at least one of my sons were alive. Osamu Hattori: Must have been hard to lose both of them. [to Shukichi] Osamu Hattori: Didn't you lose one? Shukichi Hirayama: Yes, my second son. Osamu Hattori: I've had enough of war. Shukichi Hirayama: Yes, indeed. To lose your children is hard, but living with them isn't always easy either. A real dilemma.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Tomi Hirayama: What a treat to sleep in my dead son's bed.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shige Kaneko: [Tomi and Shukichi enter the hair salon] Why, you're back so soon. You should have stayed longer! Tomi Hirayama: [as she passes Shige teasing a customer's hair] We're home. Biyouin no kyaku: Who are they? Shige Kaneko: Oh, just friends from the country. [looks after Tomi and Shukichi with disdain]

§Tokyo Story ¤ Tomi Hirayama: [saying good-bye at the train station] You were so nice to us, children. Now that we've seen you all, you need not come down, even if anything should happen to either one of us. Shige Kaneko: Don't talk like that. This isn't a farewell. Tomi Hirayama: I mean it. We live too far away.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Noriko: I'm not always thinking of your son, though you think I am. Shukichi Hirayama: I'll be happy if you forget him.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Noriko: Sometimes I feel I can't go on like this forever. Often I wonder, when I can't sleep, what will become of me if I stay this way. Day passes and night comes, yet nothing happens, and I feel a kind of loneliness. My heart seems to be waiting for something.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shige Kaneko: [at dinner table following Tomi's funeral] Kyoko, did mother still have her summer sash? I'd like it for a keepsake. Is that alright with you? And that linen kimono she used to wear in summer? I want that too. You know where it is? Can you get it out?

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shukichi Hirayama: Until I came up to Tokyo, I was under the impression that my son was doing better. But I've found that he is only a small neighborhood doctor. I know how you feel. I'm as dissatisfied as you are. But we can't expect too much from our children. Times have changed. We have to face it. That's what I think.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shukichi Hirayama: You'll get well. You'll get well. I'm sure you will.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shige Kaneko: Mama, you've grown taller. Tomi Hirayama: Don't be silly. How could I have grown? Shige Kaneko: But you have, and you're even fatter. [turns to Noriko] Shige Kaneko: She was so big when I was little that I used to feel ashamed in front of my friends. Once in school, a chair broke under her. Tomi Hirayama: Oh, that chair was already broken. Shige Kaneko: She still thinks that.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Shukichi Hirayama: Oh, the fool I've always made of myself by drinking. Osamu Hattori: Oh no, sake is good for the health.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Kurazo Kaneko: We can't leave them there all night. Shige Kaneko: It can't be helped, can it? Kurazo Kaneko: Let's have Kiyo come down and we'll put them upstairs. Shige Kaneko: They're too drunk to make it. Kurazo Kaneko: What will we do, then? [Shige scoffs] Shige Kaneko: What a mess. [She gets to her feet] Shige Kaneko: You sleep upstairs. I'll put them here. [She starts laying out bedrolls] Shige Kaneko: What a bother. Why didn't he tell me he was coming back? So late and so drunk! I hate drunkards. With a stranger, too. Oh, this is disturbing.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Osamu Hattori: Remember the governor's visit to Onomichi? Sanpei Numata: At Takemuraya? Osamu Hattori: You got drunk. That young geisha who served... Sanpei Numata: Umeko? Osamu Hattori: You liked her, didn't you? Sanpei Numata: And the governor happened to like her too, remember?

§Tokyo Story ¤ Sanpei Numata: Look, Hirayama. She resembles someone, doesn't she? Oden-ya no onna: There he goes again. Sanpei Numata: Don't you think so? Shukichi Hirayama: Well, who? Osamu Hattori: Yes, she does. That young geisha. Sanpei Numata: Oh, no! She was fatter. This one resembles my wife. Shukichi Hirayama: Yes, you're right. Sanpei Numata: See, especially here. Oden-ya no onna: Why don't you leave? You've had enough. Sanpei Numata: And both are bad-tempered. Oden-ya no onna: You're a real nuisance. Sanpei Numata: My wife says so too.

§Tokyo Story ¤ Noriko: I'm not the nice woman she thought I was. If you see me like that, it embarrasses me. Shukichi Hirayama: No, it shouldn't. Noriko: Really, I'm quite selfish.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: I can't do it. Adrian: What? Rocky: I can't beat him. Adrian: Apollo? Rocky: Yeah. I been out there walkin' around, thinkin'. I mean, who am I kiddin'? I ain't even in the guy's league. Adrian: What are we gonna do? Rocky: I don't know. Adrian: You worked so hard. Rocky: Yeah, that don't matter. 'Cause I was nobody before. Adrian: Don't say that. Rocky: Ah come on, Adrian, it's true. I was nobody. But that don't matter either, you know? 'Cause I was thinkin', it really don't matter if I lose this fight. It really don't matter if this guy opens my head, either. 'Cause all I wanna do is go the distance. Nobody's ever gone the distance with Creed, and if I can go that distance, you see, and that bell rings and I'm still standin', I'm gonna know for the first time in my life, see, that I weren't just another bum from the neighborhood.

§Rocky ¤ Adrian: Why do you wanna fight? Rocky: Because I can't sing or dance.

§Rocky ¤ Adrian: It's Thanksgiving. Rocky: Yeah, to you it's Thanksgiving; to me it's Thursday.

§Rocky ¤ Mickey: You're gonna eat lightnin' and you're gonna crap thunder!

§Rocky ¤ Mickey: Your nose is broken. Rocky: How does it look? Mickey: Ah, it's an improvement.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: I been comin' here for six years, and for six years ya been stickin' it to me, an' I wanna know how come! Mickey: Ya don't wanna know! Rocky: I wanna know how come! Mickey: Ya wanna know? Rocky: *I wanna know how*! Mickey: OK, I'm gonna tell ya! You had the talent to become a good fighter, but instead of that, you become a legbreaker to some cheap, second rate loanshark! Rocky: It's a living. Mickey: *It's a waste of life*!

§Rocky ¤ Adrian: Einstein flunked out of school, twice. Paulie: Is that so? Adrian: Yeah. Beethoven was deaf. Helen Keller was blind. I think Rocky's got a good chance.

§Rocky ¤ Apollo: Apollo Creed versus the Italian Stallion. Sounds like a damn monster movie.

§Rocky ¤ Paulie: [talking about Adrian] You like her? Rocky: Sure, I like her. Paulie: What's the attraction? Rocky: I dunno... she fills gaps. Paulie: What's 'gaps'? Rocky: I dunno, she's got gaps, I got gaps, together we fill gaps. Paulie: Are you ballin' her? Rocky: Hey. [punches Paulie in the shoulder] Rocky: Hey, you don't talk dirty about your sister. Paulie: Are you screwing my sister? Rocky: You see, that's why I can't connect you with Gazzo. You know that, Paulie. Because you got a big mouth. You know, you just talk too much.

§Rocky ¤ Apollo: Ain't gonna be no rematch. Rocky: Don't want one.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: Took you long enough to get here. Took you ten years to get to my house. Huh, what's the matter? You don't like my house? Does my house stink? That's right-it stinks! I didn't have no favors from you! Don't slum around me. Talkin' about your prime. What about my prime, Mick? At least you had a prime! I didn't have no prime. I didn't have nithin'! Leg's are goin', everything is goin'. Nobody's getting' no nothin'. Guy comes up, offers me a fight. Big deal. Wanna fight the fight? Yeah, I'll fight the big fight. I wouldn't wanna fight. Know what's gonna happen to me? I'm gonna get that! I'm gonna get that! And you wanna be ringside to see it? Do ya? You wanna help me out? Huh? Do you wana see me get my face kicked in? Leg's ain't workin', nothing's workin', but they go, "Go on, fight the champ." Yeah, I'll fight him. Get my face kicked in. And you come around here. You wanna move in here with me? Come on in! It's a nice house! Real nice. Come on in and move. It stinks! This whole place stinks. You wanna help me out? Well, help me out! Come on, help me out. I'm standin' here!

§Rocky ¤ Mickey: Women weaken legs!

§Rocky ¤ [Last lines; Adrian snuck inside the ring] Rocky: Adrian! Adrian! Adrian: Rocky! Rocky: Adrian! Adrian: Rocky! Rocky: Hey, where's your hat? Adrian: I love you! Rocky: I love you. Adrian: [grabs and hugs Rocky] I love you! Rocky: [out of breath] I love you. I love you. Adrian: I love you! Rocky: I love you. I love you. Adrian: I love you!

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: You stop this fight, I'll kill ya'!

§Rocky ¤ Apollo's Trainer: He doesn't know it's a damn show! He thinks it's a damn fight!

§Rocky ¤ [Paulie overhears Rocky and now he's angry and hurt] Paulie: I don't want nothin' from you. I don't want nothin' from you. This ain't no charity case. Get outta my house. Adrian: It's not just your house. Paulie: [to Rocky] You ain't no friend no more. Get outta my house, I just says. Adrian: Don't talk to him like that. Paulie: Both of you get out of my house. Rocky: Yo... It's cold outside, Paulie. [drops his hat; getting angrier, Paulie grabs his bat] Paulie: I don't want you messin' her, and I don't raise you to go with this scum bum! Yeah? Come on! You wanna hit on me? Come on! I'll break both your arms so they don't work for ya! [Paulie smashed a lamp, then a dinner tray; Adrian screams] Paulie: [screaming] That's right! I'm not good enough to meet with Gazzo... [Paulie spits] Paulie: ...that's what I think of Gazzo! Now you're a big-shot fighter on your way up, you don't even throw a crumb to your friend Paulie! When I go out and get your meat every morning! You forgot that! Then I even give you my sister, too! Adrian: Only a pig would say that! Paulie: I'm a pig? A pig gives you the best? Paulie: [smashing a coffee set] You're such a loser! I don't get married because of you! You can't live by yourself! I put you two together! And you - don't you forget it! You owe me! You owe me! Adrian: [freaking out] *What do I owe you*? Paulie: [crying] You're supposed to be good to me. Adrian: *What do I owe you, Paulie? What do I owe you*? I treat you good! I cook for you! I cleaned for you! I pick up your dirty clothes! I take care of ya, Paulie! I don't owe you nothin'! And you made me feel like a loser! *I'm not a loser*!

§Rocky ¤ Bodyguard: Did ya get the license number? Rocky: Of what? Bodyguard: The truck that run over your face.

§Rocky ¤ Reporter: Where did you get the name, "The Italian Stallion"? Rocky: Oh I made that up one night while I was eating dinner.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: I just want to say hi to my girlfriend, OK? Yo, Adrian! It's me, Rocky.

§Rocky ¤ Paulie: I want you outta here instamatically.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: I wanna kiss ya-ya don't have to kiss me back if ya don't feel like it.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: Hey, yo, Mike, whose lock is this? Whose stuff is this in my locker? Mike: It's Dipper's stuff. It ain't your locker no more. Rocky: Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more? It's been my locker for six years. Where's my gear? Mike: Mickey told me to bag it. Hang it. Rocky: You put my stuff on skid row? I been in that locker six years; you put my stuff in a bag on skid row? Mike: Mickey tells me what to do. I gotta do it, right, Rock? Rocky: Where is he? Mike: Working with Dipper. He's in a baaad mood. Rocky: So am I.

§Rocky ¤ Adrian: [just before the big fight] I'll be here waiting for you. Rocky: How 'bout I stay here and you fight?

§Rocky ¤ Apollo: Stay in school and use your brain. Be a doctor, be a lawyer, carry a leather briefcase. Forget about sports as a profession. Sports make ya grunt and smell. See, be a thinker, not a stinker.

§Rocky ¤ Mickey: [to Rocky, after round 1 with Apollo] Keep hittin' 'em in the ribs ya see? Don't let that bastard breathe!

§Rocky ¤ Fight Announcer: What is keeping him up Bill, I dont know.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: Hey... you know how I said that stuff on TV didn't bother me none? Adrian: Yeah? Rocky: It did.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: You gotta be a moron... you gotta be a *moron* to wanna be a fighter.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: Cut me, Mick.

§Rocky ¤ [the 15th and final round of the fight has ended; reporters climb into the ring for interviews] Fight Announcer: [interviewing Rocky] It was chaos. Rocky, you went the distance. You went the fifteen rounds. How do you feel? Rocky: All right! Fight Announcer: What were you thinking about when that buzzer sounded? Rocky: [yelling] Adrian! Fight Announcer: What were you thinking when the fifteenth... Rocky: What? Adrian! Adrian: [out in the crowd] Rocky? Rocky? Jergens: [taking the microphone] Ladies and Gentlemen, your attention, please. Adrian: Rocky? Rocky! Jergens: Tonight, we have had the privilege of witnessing the greatest exhibition of guts and stamina in the history of the ring! Rocky: Adrian! Adrian: Rocky. Rocky! Jergens: [reading the results] Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a split decision. [Jergens continues; indistinct] Rocky: *Adrian*! Adrian: Rocky! Jergens: ...for Creed! [the crowd cheers]

§Rocky ¤ Adrian: Is this you? Rocky: Yeah, that's me when I was eight years old, that's the Italian Stallion when he was a baby.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: I think we make a real sharp couple of coconuts - I'm dumb, you're shy, whaddaya think, huh?

§Rocky ¤ [Apollo is looking through a book of Philadelphia boxers] Jergens: What exactly are you looking for Apollo? Apollo: [pointing at a profile in the book] This is who I'm looking for. The Italian Stallion. Jergens: Rocky Balboa? Never heard of him. Apollo: Look it's the name man. The I-talian Stallion. The media will eat it up. Now who discovered America? An Italian right? What better way to get it on than with one of its descendants? Apollo's Trainer: He's a southpaw. I don't want you messing with southpaws. They do everything backwards Apollo: Southpaw nothing. I'll drop him in three. Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion. Now that sounds like a damn monster movie.

§Rocky ¤ Paulie: [about Adrian] She's pushing thirty freaking years old, and if she don't wise up, she's gonna die an old maid. Rocky: I'm thirty myself!

§Rocky ¤ Adrian: You want a roommate? Rocky: Absolutely.

§Rocky ¤ Mickey: Down! Down! Stay Down!

§Rocky ¤ Apollo's Trainer: Hey, champ, you oughta come and look at this boy you're gonna fight on TV. It looks like he means business. Apollo: Yeah, yeah. I mean business too.

§Rocky ¤ Adrian: Paulie, it's Thanksgiving. I got a turkey in the oven. Paulie: Oh... a turkey in the oven. Paulie: [taking the turkey out of the oven] You want the bird? Paulie: [throwing the turkey out the door] Go in the alley and eat the bird! Adrian: [disgusted] Oh Paulie!

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: [upon seeing Apollo Creed] He looks like a big flag.

§Rocky ¤ Bartender: You want me to take a shot? All right. Bartender: [pouring himself a drink] I'll take a shot!

§Rocky ¤ Paulie: You're busted! Adrian: What? Paulie: You're not a virgin! [Adrian sobbing] Paulie: You let him get into your pants! She's busted! [Rocky grabs Paulie; screams, then sobs] Paulie: [cries] I can't haul meat no more.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: [Rocky is trying to make out with Adrian on their first date] Will you do me a favor? Take off these glasses. [Rocky takes off Adrian's frumpy glasses, revealing her beautiful eyes] Rocky: Now take off this hat. [Takes off her unattractive hat, revealing her dark, lovely hair. Adrian is beautiful and Rocky is appreciative] Rocky: I always knew you was pretty... Adrian: [Adrian looks at him, disbelieving] Stop teasing me.

§Rocky ¤ [Rocky and Gazzo step out of the car for a talk] Gazzo: [upset] How come you didn't break this guy's thumb like I told you? Rocky: Well, how did you know I didn't... Gazzo: You don't think I hear things? Did I give you a job this morning or didn't I, huh? Rocky: Yeah. Gazzo: So why didn't you break his thumb like I told you? When you don't do what I tell you to do, you make me look bad, Rock. Rocky: [trying to come up with an excuse] I figured... look, I figured if I break the guy's thumb, he gets laid off, right? Then he can't make... Gazzo: [cuts Rocky off] Yeah, well don't figure! Let me do the figurin', okay, Rock? From here on in, just let me do the figuring, you know? These guys think we're running some kind of charity or something. That they can get off light. From here on in, do what I tell you to do, because it's bad for my reputation! You understand? You got... [shoves Rocky] Gazzo: You got it, Rock? Rocky: [beat] I got it. Gazzo: Good. Now, tomorrow you collect 400 from Del Rio. And if I tell you to break a guy's nose or thumb as a "late payment notice", you do it! Rocky: [to Gazzo as he walks back towards the car] Hey, how do you spell "Del Rio"? Gazzo: [angrly] Look it up in a dictionary, Rock! Rocky: What's a dictionary? Hey, come on! I won't let it happen no more about the thumb. You know? Bodyguard: [to Rocky as he drives off with Gazzo] Hey... so long, meatbag! Rocky: [to Buddy the Bodyguard as he drives away] I shouda broke your thumb!

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: Don't smoke that. It makes your breath like garbage. Marie: Maybe I like garbage. Rocky: [putting out the cigarette] Nobody likes garbage!

§Rocky ¤ TV Commentator: [about Apollo] I've never seen a fighter that concerned about his hair.

§Rocky ¤ Mickey: You know what you are? Rocky: No, what? Mickey: A tomato. Rocky: A tomato? Mickey: Yeah, and I'm running a business here, not a goddamn soup kitchen.

§Rocky ¤ [after Rocky finishes pounding on the raw meat] Paulie: You do that to Apollo Creed, they'll put us in jail for murder.

§Rocky ¤ Rocky: Adrian! Fight Announcer: Your fans out there deserve a rematch! Rocky: It ain't gonna be no rematch! Oh, come on! I had enough things in my face tonight! Adrian! Fight Announcer: You heard him, Ladies and...

§Rocky ¤ Paulie: [in the bathroom of a bar] I'd like to kill the freaking guy who broke this mirror.

§Rocky ¤ Mickey: Get out of here! Don't ya ever interrupt me while I'm conductin' business. Move your little chicken asses out.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: I am glad that you have shot this footage and that the world will see it. It is the only way we have a chance that people might intervene. Jack: Yeah and if no one intervenes, is it still a good thing to show? Paul Rusesabagina: How can they not intervene when they witness such atrocities? Jack: I think if people see this footage they'll say, "oh my God that's horrible," and then go on eating their dinners. [pause] Jack: What the hell do I know?

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ [last lines] Pat Archer: [walking with family towards bus] They said that there wasn't any room. Paul Rusesabagina: There's always room.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Pat Archer: [relating the last words of the orphan slain by the Hutus] Please don't let them kill me. I... I promise I won't be Tutsi anymore.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Colonel Oliver: [explaining why the world will not intervene] You're black. You're not even a nigger. You're an African.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Jack: [after seeing a Tutsi and a Hutu sitting together] They could be twins!

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: There will be no rescue, no intervention for us. We can only save ourselves. Many of you know influential people abroad, you must call these people. You must tell them what will happen to us... say goodbye. But when you say goodbye, say it as if you are reaching through the phone and holding their hand. Let them know that if they let go of that hand, you will die. We must shame them into sending help.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: Hundreds, there were too many to count. Dube: Why are people so cruel? Paul Rusesabagina: Hatred... Insanity... I don't know...

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ [end title cards] Title card: Paul Rusesabagina sheltered 1268 Tutsi and Hutu refugees at the Milles Collines Hotel in Kigali. Title card: Paul and Tatiana now live in Belgium with their children, Roger, Diane, Lys, Tresor and their adopted nieces Anais and Carine. Title card: Tatiana's brother Thomas and his wife Fedens were never found. Title card: In 2002, General Augustin Bizimungu was captured in Angola and transported to the U.N. War Crimes Tribunal in Tanzania. At the same tribunal the Interhamwe leader George Rutuganda was sentenced to life in prison. Title card: The genocide ended in July 1994, when the Tutsi rebels drove the Hutu army and the Interhamwe militia across the border into the Congo. Title card: They left behind almost a million corpses.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Jack: [after Paul thanks him for shooting footage of the genocide] I think if people see this footage, they'll say Oh, my God, that's horrible. And then they'll go on eating their dinners.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Jack: [walking towards the bus carrying all the whites who are leaving Rwanda while the blacks are left behind] Oh, God, I'm so ashamed!

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: [Paul finds his family hiding in a bathtub. They panic, and Tantiana brandishes the moveable showerhead like a gun] No, no! It's me! [they all hug and exchange soothing words, he picks up the showerhead] Paul Rusesabagina: What were you going to do with this? Tatiana Rusesabagina: [shaking her head, laughing] I don't know. [they all laugh, relieved]

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ [about the Tutsi] Paul Rusesabagina: You cannot seriously think that you can kill them all. George Rutaganda: And why not? We are halfway there already.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: They told me I was one of them, and I... the wine, chocolates, cigars, style... I swallowed it. I swallowed it, I swallowed all of it. And they handed me their shit. I have no... no history. I have no memory. I'm a fool, Tati. Tatiana Rusesabagina: You are no fool. I know who you are.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ [first lines] George Rutaganda: [voiceover] When people ask me, good listeners, why do I hate all the Tutsi, I say, "Read our history." The Tutsi were collaborators for the Belgian colonists, they stole our Hutu land, they whipped us. Now they have come back, these Tutsi rebels. They are cockroaches. They are murderers. Rwanda is our Hutu land. We are the majority. They are a minority of traitors and invaders. We will squash the infestation. We will wipe out the RPF rebels. This is RTLM, Hutu power radio. Stay alert. Watch your neighbours.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Dube: Aah, that is a fine cigar, sir! Paul Rusesabagina: This is a Cohiba cigar. Each one is worth 10,000 francs. Dube: 10,000 francs? Paul Rusesabagina: Yes, yes. But it is worth more to me than 10,000 francs. Dube: What do you mean, sir? Paul Rusesabagina: If I give a businessman 10,000 francs, what does that matter to him? He is rich. But, if I give him a Cohiba cigar straight from Havana, Cuba. Hey, that is style, Dube. Dube: [smiles] Style!

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: General, these are difficult times, we need to help one another. General Bizimungu: And what help can I get from you, Paul? Paul Rusesabagina: You are a marked man, sir! General Bizimungu: How so? Paul Rusesabagina: You're on a list, the Americans have you on a list as a war criminal! General Bizimungu: Paul, I am sick and tired of your lies. Paul Rusesabagina: Are you stupid General? How do you think these people operate? You sit here with five stars on your chest! Who do you think they're coming after? [pause] Paul Rusesabagina: Fine, we will go to Gitzarama and you will stay on that list. General Bizimungu: I committed no war crimes. Paul Rusesabagina: Who will tell them? You need me to tell them how you helped at the hotel. They blame you for all their misfortunes. They say you lead the massacres! General Bizimungu: I lead no massacres! Paul Rusesabagina: Do you think they will believe you? General Bizimungu: You will tell them the truth! Paul Rusesabagina: I will tell them nothing unless you help me! [General Bizimungu reaches for his gun] Paul Rusesabagina: What- what are you going to do... shoot me? Shoot me. Please shoot me. It would be a blessing. I will pay you to shoot my family. You can not hurt me. General Bizimungu: You will tell them I did nothing! Paul Rusesabagina: We are leaving. Right now.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ General Bizimungu: I commanded no massacres!

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ George Rutaganda: Cut the tall trees. Cut the tall trees now!

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ George Rutaganda: [background radio broadcasts] I say taste those Tutsi whores before they die. Then they'll know what Hutu power is, my warriors. Remember, one cockroach can start an infestation. We need to exterminate these vermin.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Colonel Oliver: [after telling Paul the West thinks his people are dirt] They're not going to stay, Paul. They're not going to stop the slaughter.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Dube: [Dube, after running through the hotel lobby with a leaking cooler of lobster, quickly empties the cooler in a sink. Water, ice, and lobsters come gushing out into the sink and onto the surrounding counter. Some of the water, ice and one of the lobsters fall on the floor] Oh, Shit! Oh, sorry, sir. Head Chef: Ten Alive, twelve are dead. Paul Rusesabagina: All Right... But save the shells. Fill them with... a stuffing. The good meat and something local. Head Chef: Cassava? Paul Rusesabagina: And... the fish? Head Chef: And tipali? Paul Rusesabagina: - Yes, We'll call it "Fresh Lobster in a Cassava and Tipali Crust." Dube? Dube: Style, sir? Paul Rusesabagina: Yes, sir.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: What are you going to do - shoot me? Shoot me. I would pay you to shoot my family! I would consider it a blessing!

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Paul Rusesabagina: All day long I work to please this officer, that diplomat, some tourist to store up favors so if there is a time when we need help I have powerful people I can call upon. Tatiana Rusesabagina: But Victor was a good neighbor. Paul Rusesabagina: He is not family. Family is all that matters.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Tatiana Rusesabagina: [while watching a neighbor get beaten] Do something. Paul Rusesabagina: Do what? Tatiana Rusesabagina: Call someone. Paul Rusesabagina: [after shutting the gate] There is nothing we can do.

§Hotel Rwanda ¤ Colonel Oliver: We're here as peace keepers, not peace makers.

§Logan ¤ Laura: You are dying. You want to die. Logan: How do you know? Laura: Charles told me. Logan: What else did he tell you? Laura: To not let you.

§Logan ¤ Logan: Nature made me a freak. Man made me a weapon. And God made it last too long.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: You know, Logan... this is what life looks like. A home, people who love each other. Safe place. You should take a moment and feel it.

§Logan ¤ Logan: Take your friends and run... They'll keep coming, and coming... You don't have to fight anymore. [holds Laura's hand] Logan: Go... Don't be what they made you. [pause] Logan: Laura. Laura: [crying] Daddy. Logan: [smiles] So... this is what it feels like.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: You know, Logan. This was, without a doubt, the most perfect night I've had in a very long time... and I don't deserve it, do I? [cries] Charles Xavier: I did something. Something unspeakable. I've remembered what happened in Westchester. This is not the first time I've hurt people. Until today, I didn't know. You wouldn't tell me. So we just kept on running away from it. I think I finally understand you.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: Two days on the road, only one meal, and hardly any sleep. She's 11, I'm fucking 90...

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: What are these? Logan: You know what they are. The shots mellow the seizures. The pills keep them from happening. How about you blow on them to make them safe? Charles Xavier: Fuck off, Logan. Logan: So you remember who I am now. Charles Xavier: I always know who you are. It's just sometimes I don't recognize you.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: Logan, you still have time.

§Logan ¤ Donald Pierce: Charles Xavier, the world famous mutant octogenarian. Charles Xavier: Actually, I'm a nonagenarian.

§Logan ¤ Laura: You had a nightmare. Logan: Do you have nightmares? Laura: Si. People hurt me. Logan: Mine are different. Laura: Por que? Logan: I hurt people. Laura: [holds up the adamantium bullet] Que es esto? Logan: You know what it is. It's made out of adamantium. That's what they put inside of us. That's why it can kill us. Probably what's killing me now. That was a long time ago. I kept it as a reminder of what I am. Now I keep it to, uh... actually I, uh... I was thinking of shooting myself with it. Like Charles said. Laura: I've hurt people too. Logan: You're gonna have to learn how to live with that. Laura: They were bad people. Logan: All the same...

§Logan ¤ [last lines] Laura: A man has to be what he is, Joey. Can't break the mold. There's no living with the killing. There's no going back. Right or wrong, it's a brand. A brand that sticks. Now you run on home to your mother... you tell her everything's alright. There are no more guns in the valley. Rictor: Let's go. We gotta move.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: Our boat... the Sunseeker.

§Logan ¤ Logan: Who is she? Charles Xavier: She's like you... she's very much like you.

§Logan ¤ Logan: Bad shit happens to people I care about.

§Logan ¤ Logan: Your friends, they seem nice. Kinda reminds me of... [Laura walks by him with a scowl. He notices and reaches for her arm comfortingly] Logan: Hey, hey, what's goin' on? Huh? [Laura recoils her arm from Logan and his now concerned demeanor is now defensive and angry] Logan: You're with your pals. You made it. Laura: Where will you go? Logan: [shrugs] Nearest bar, for starters. [Laura continues to walk away from him with a scoff] Logan: Hey, I got you here. That's all I signed up for. I even gave back the money. Laura: [condescendingly] Such a nice man. Logan: Hey, I never asked for this! Alright? Charles never asked for this. Caliban never asked for this. And they are six feet under the ground! Now, I don't know what Charles put in your head, but I am *not* whatever it is you think I am, okay? [Laura coldly looks at Logan] Logan: I only met you, like, a *week* ago. You got your Rebecca, your Delilah, your blah, blah, blah, whatever. Everything you asked for, you've got it! [Logan's voice begins to break and starts to tear up slightly] Logan: And it is *better* this way. Because I *suck* at this. Bad shit happens to people I care about. You understand me? Laura: [coldly] Then I'll be fine.

§Logan ¤ Caliban: Beware the light. [blows himself up]

§Logan ¤ [Laura enters a convenience store. She opens a can of Pringles, grabs a can of Hypno Energy Drink, and tries on a pair of sunglasses before the store clerk notices her] Convenience Store Clerk: Hello. You know you gotta pay for that, right? [Laura tries to run away, but the clerk blocks him as he takes the food away from her] Convenience Store Clerk: Hey, c'mon. Where are your parents? [Laura suddenly grabs the clerk, flips him to the floor, and prepares to stab him with her claws before Logan steps in and stops her] Logan: Not okay! [Logan looks at the frightened clerk] Logan: I'm sorry. Do you sell phone chargers? [Clerk points at the counter. Logan grabs a phone charger and a cigar before he and Laura leave the store]

§Logan ¤ Logan: [as a noisy self-driving truck passes him on the highway] Motherfucking auto trucks! Charles Xavier: Language, Logan. And you're screaming at a machine. Logan: [about Laura] Oh, what? She can gut a man with her feet, but she can't hear a few naughty words? Charles Xavier: She can learn to be better. Logan: Better than me? Charles Xavier: Actually, yes.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: [sees the Munsons in trouble] They need our help. Logan: Someone will come along! Charles Xavier: Someone HAS come along.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: Logan. Logan: I don't wanna talk about it. I don't wanna hear it anymore. Charles Xavier: Logan. Logan: Just stop! Charles Xavier: I have to pee.

§Logan ¤ [first lines] Logan: Fuck.

§Logan ¤ Logan: Where we're going, "Eden..." It doesn't exist. The nurse got it from a comic book. You understand? It's not real. Charles Xavier: [weakly] It is for Laura... [looks at Logan sternly] Charles Xavier: It is for Laura.

§Logan ¤ Donald Pierce: As I live and breathe, "the Wolverine".

§Logan ¤ Gabriela: [to Logan] She is not my daughter, but I love her. You may not love her, but she is your daughter. Please, help her.

§Logan ¤ Donald Pierce: Jesus, Wolverine, seeing you like this just breaks my damn heart. Logan: As soon as I rip it out of your chest, fuck-stick.

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: You leave me alone with that fucking albino. He doesn't listen to me... I know a damn speciation when I see one. Logan: What? Charles Xavier: Speciation. New mutant. A young one. There are forces trying to kill them. They want help. Logan: [annoyed] Forces, forces... It's too bad you're not in that business anymore. Charles Xavier: They don't want me, they want you. [Logan snorts] Charles Xavier: Oh, yes. That's how fucking stupid they are... They're waiting for you at the Statue of Liberty. Logan: Statue of Liberty was a long time ago, Charles. A long time. There are no new mutants, you understand? Hasn't been a new one born in 25 years. Not anywhere. I always thought we were part of God's plan. Maybe... Maybe we were God's mistake. Charles Xavier: [sadly] What a disappointment you are... When I found you, you were pursuing a career as a cage fighter. You were an animal... But we took you in. I gave you a family. Logan: [somberly] They're gone now. Charles Xavier: Logan... What did you do? [Logan walks away] Charles Xavier: What did you do? Answer me! Why are we here? No one should live like this, drugged in a fucking tank! Logan: It's for your own good. [exits the room] Charles Xavier: No, no! It's not! [door slams] Charles Xavier: You're waiting for me to die...

§Logan ¤ Laura: Daddy.

§Logan ¤ Caliban: [shows Logan an adamantium bullet] Found this in your pocket. Adamantium. If you are planning to blow your brains out, could you wait till you're out on the high seas? I just mopped these floors.

§Logan ¤ Logan: I don't know how you got me here, but thank you. Laura: De nada. Logan: Yeah. [Logan suddenly realizes Laura can talk] Logan: You can talk? [Laura nods] Logan: You can talk? [Laura looks at him and nods] Logan: What the fuck? Why in the fuck... What's all this bullshit's been for the last 2,000 fucking miles? [Laura starts yelling in Spanish] Logan: What? Okay, shut up! Shut up! Shut the fuck up! Laura: Jonah, Gideon, Rebecca, Delilah, Rictor. Logan: What? Who's that? Laura: Jonah, Gideon, Rebecca, Delilah, Rictor. Logan: Who is that?

§Logan ¤ Logan: [shows Laura the X-Men comics he found in her backpack] You read these in your spare time? [to Charles] Logan: Oh yeah, Charles, we got ourselves an X-Men fan. [to Laura] Logan: You do know they're all bullshit, right? Maybe a quarter of it happened, and not like this. In the real world, people die, and no self-promoting asshole in a fucking leotard can stop this. Charles Xavier: Logan. Logan: This is ice cream for bed-wetters. Charles Xavier: Logan. Logan: Your nurse had been feeding you some grade-A bullshit. Charles Xavier: I don't think Laura needs reminding of life's impermanence.

§Logan ¤ [X-23 approaches the Reavers] Donald Pierce: No. No! NO!

§Logan ¤ Caliban: A year ago... you asked me to help you, and... God knows, I've tried... But I can't help you, Logan, not really... if you're not gonna talk to me. [Logan, sitting beside Caliban, looks down and away from him] Caliban: I hear you at night; you're not sleeping; you don't wanna talk about that... Or the booze you're drinking... Or the pus you're wiping away from your knuckles. Or the blood I wash from your clothes. Or the... fresh wounds in your chest; the ones that aren't healing... And I'm pretty sure you don't wanna talk about the fact that you can't read the label on that bottle... [Logan looks bewildered then takes the bottle to try and read it] Caliban: It says 'Ibuprofen'. [In a fit of anger, Logan smacks Caliban's drink from his hand, shattering the cup] Caliban: That was my favourite mug. Logan: Stay outta my shit.

§Logan ¤ [Laura pulls out the envelope with the coordinates to Eden] Laura: Jonah, Gideon, Rebecca, Delilah, Rictor. North Dakota. Logan: What? Laura: North Dakota, por favor. [Logan tries to grab the envelope] Laura: No, por favor. [Logan grabs the envelope] Logan: This place, okay? Your nurse, she read too many stories, you understand? Too many stories! [Logan coughs as Laura pulls out an X-Men comic book] Logan: I've seen it! I've seen it, okay? This all here. None of this... No existo, okay? You understand me? This Eden does not exist. No! Laura: Si! Eden! Logan: No! It's a fantasy, kid. See that? Those are the names of the people who just made this... [coughs] Logan: They made this whole thing up. Okay? This whole... It happened once and they just turned it into a big fucking lie! [Laura argues with him in Spanish] Logan: That's all it is. No! Fuck! [Laura pulls out a map] Logan: I know, I understand. [Logan grabs the map] Logan: This is a long way. You understand? I'm not taking you to North Dakota. [pause] Logan: I am fucked up. And I cannot get you there. It is a two-day drive. And I am not taking you... [Laura punches him in the face and continues to yell at him in Spanish] Logan: Don't fucking hit me! Don't hit me! Laura: Jonah, Gideon, Rebecca, Delilah, Rictor. Logan: Stop saying those names. Right now. Stop saying those names. Stop it! Stop! Fuck it. Fine, fine. You wanna go? I'll take you there. See for yourself. Let's go to fucking fantasyland. [Logan starts the engine and drives off]

§Logan ¤ Will Munson: He's a friend of mine. Jackson: A friend with a big mouth. Logan: I hear that a lot. Jackson: Then you probably hear this, too. [cocks his gun] Logan: More than I'd like. Jackson: Than you know the drill. I'mma count to three... and you're gonna start walking away. Will Munson: I got rights to this water. Jackson: One. Will Munson: I have a lawyer now. Jackson: Two. [Logan snatches Jackson's shotgun and punches him in the face with it] Logan: Three. [Will aims his gun at Jackson and his henchmen, while Logan breaks Jackson's shotgun in half] Logan: You know the drill. Get the hell out of here. [they hesitate] Logan: GO!

§Logan ¤ [Introducing Xavier to strangers] Logan: This is my father... Chuck.

§Logan ¤ Donald Pierce: [to Logan] I'm a fan, by the way.

§Logan ¤ [Wolverine puts on a pair of spectacles to read] Charles Xavier: I like those. They make you look younger.

§Logan ¤ Logan: [at Charles' grave] It's got a lot of water...

§Logan ¤ Donald Pierce: [unleashes the X-24 against Logan] Showtime, boy!

§Logan ¤ Logan: Who the fuck are you? Donald Pierce: You know, you got some buckshot on your door. I hear you was in Phoenix. But then last night some friends of mine in Texas HP called, told me they found three dead cholos on a pullout at fifty-four. Not unusual I know. Except one was missing a hand another one a leg. So they was thinkin' it was either a escaped tiger or Freddy Krueger. But not one of them could drive: one being fictional the other one extinct. And since the wheel lugs they found belonged to a twenty-two Chrysler... Well, this is a twenty-two Chrysler. [pauses for a moment] Donald Pierce: She found you yet? Gabriela? [leans closer to Logan] Donald Pierce: See... I'm not looking for you Wolvie. Well, I'm really looking for someone who's looking for you. She took somethin' of mine when I wasn't lookin'. Something for which I'm responsible. Mexican lady. Has her sights on you now. Doesn't ring any bells? Logan: I don't know any Gabriela, so get the fuck out of my car. Donald Pierce: [offended] Ya know... [leans even closer to Logan] Donald Pierce: I know whatchu hiding amigo. The old cueball south of the border. Logan: What do you want? Donald Pierce: A little co-operation. [hands Logan a business card, then throws it to Logan when he doesn't take it] Donald Pierce: I'm a fan, by the way. [exits the car] Logan: [grabs the business card and finds out who Donald is] Fuck, fuck!

§Logan ¤ Donald Pierce: Stop shooting! She heals.

§Logan ¤ Logan: Where's Caliban? Donald Pierce: Why don't you tell me where the girl is first? Or I can ask the old man, he seems quite friendly... Logan: I told you she's not here. Where's Caliban, motherfucker? Donald Pierce: Well, I left him in the same ditch you was going to leave me in...

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: [reciting manically while rolling away] The new Quesalupa from Taco Bell! Get it with chicken! Get it with steak! And with the cheese baked right in the shell, it's the next big thing! Go now while supplies la - [Logan stops him]

§Logan ¤ Charles Xavier: In a pride of lions, the female is both hunter and caregiver.

§Logan ¤ Donald Pierce: See. You're not the only one who's been enhanced.

§Logan ¤ Newscaster: Emergency personnel are still on scene at Harrah's Casino Hotel in Oklahoma City where at least 400 guests were stricken with temporary paralysis yesterday. Many are noting a similarity to the Westchester incident over a year ago that left over 600 injured and took the lives of seven mutants, including several of the X-Men.

§Logan ¤ Logan: [to the valet after parking the battered limousine] Hey, keep it out front. Alright?

§Logan ¤ Dr. Rice: [to a nurse who is making a birthday party for a mutant] Maria, we do not dress them up for Halloween. We do not call them "honey" or kiss boo-boos. Don't think of them as children. Think of them as things with copyrights and patents. Comprende?

§Logan ¤ Caliban: I don't want to fight, but there's things we need to discuss. Logan: What things? Caliban: Well, would it be considered nagging if I was to repeat my previous observation that the dose is too low to suppress the seizures? Logan: It's what the guy gave me. I wasn't in a position to make demands. Caliban: Well I almost died this morning. That seizure was... Logan: It was barely a minute! Caliban: It felt a lot longer than a minute. I couldn't breathe. You're less affected.

§Logan ¤ Will Munson: They work day and night, no drivers, shucking their cloned up super-corn. Bears fruit in half the time. Taste like shit, though. Logan: So, why do people eat it? Will Munson: They don't. They drink it. Corn syrup. Its in all those drugged up drinks everyone's having nowadays-- to stay awake, feel strong, cheer up, sexy, whatever. Used to be a time when a bad day was just a bad day, you know? Logan: Mine still are.

§Spotlight ¤ Marty Baron: Sometimes it's easy to forget that we spend most of our time stumbling around the dark. Suddenly, a light gets turned on and there's a fair share of blame to go around. I can't speak to what happened before I arrived, but all of you have done some very good reporting here. Reporting that I believe is going to have an immediate and considerable impact on our readers. For me, this kind of story is why we do this.

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a village to abuse one.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: We got Law. This is it. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: No, this is Law covering for one priest, there's another ninety out there. Mike Rezendes: Yeah, and we'll print that story when we get it, but we got to go with this now. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: No, I'm not going to rush this story, Mike. Mike Rezendes: We don't have a choice, Robby. If we don't rush to print, somebody else is going to find these letters and butcher this story. Joe Quimby from the Herald was at the freaking courthouse! Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Mike. Mike Rezendes: What? Why are we hesitating? Baron told us to get Law. This is Law. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Baron told us to get the system. We need the full scope. That's the only thing that will put an end to this. Mike Rezendes: Then let's take it up to Ben and let him decide. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: We'll take it to Ben when I say it's time. Mike Rezendes: It's time, Robby! It's time! They knew and they let it happen! To KIDS! Okay? It could have been you, it could have been me, it could have been any of us. We gotta nail these scumbags! We gotta show people that nobody can get away with this; Not a priest, or a cardinal or a freaking pope!

§Spotlight ¤ Walter 'Robby' Robinson: We've got two stories here: a story about degenerate clergy, and a story about a bunch of lawyers turning child abuse into a cottage industry. Which story do you want us to write? Because we're writing one of them.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: [from trailer] Six percent is 90. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: 90 priests? Ben Bradlee Jr.: If there were 90 of these bastards, people would know. Mike Rezendes: Maybe they do.

§Spotlight ¤ Marty Baron: We need to focus on the institution, not the individual priests. Practice and policy; show me the church manipulated the system so that these guys wouldn't have to face charges, show me they put those same priests back into parishes time and time again. Show me this was systemic, that it came from the top, down. Ben Bradlee Jr.: Sounds like we're going after Law. Marty Baron: We're going after the system.

§Spotlight ¤ Cardinal Law: If I can be of any help, Marty, don't hesitate to ask. I find that the city flourishes when its great institutions work together. Marty Baron: Thank you. Personally I'm of the opinion that for a paper to best perform its function, it really needs to stand alone.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: Mitch, are you telling me that the Catholic Church removed legal documents from that courthouse? Mitchell Garabedian: Look, I'm not crazy, I'm not paranoid. I'm experienced. Check the docket. You'll see. They control everything.

§Spotlight ¤ Peter Canellos: They say it's just physical abuse but it's more than that, this was spiritual abuse. You know why I went along with everything? Because priests, are supposed to be the good guys.

§Spotlight ¤ Peter Canellos: Did everyone read Eileen McNamara's column this weekend? Boston Globe Worker: That's the Geoghan case? Marty Baron: Yeah, what's the follow on that? Ben Bradlee Jr.: It-It's a column, what kind of follow are you thinking? Marty Baron: Uh... well apparently this priest molested kids in 6 different parishes over the last 30 years and the attorney for the victims, a Mr... Eileen McNamara: Garabedian Marty Baron: Thanks Eileen, Mr Garabedian says Cardinal Law found out about it 15 years ago and did nothing. Peter Canellos: Yeah, I think that attorney is a bit of a crank, and The Church dismissed the claim. Eileen McNamara: He-said she-said. Marty Baron: Whether Mr Garabedian is a 'crank' or not, he says he has documents that prove that Cardinal knew. Ben Bradlee Jr.: As I understand that those documents are under seal. Marty Baron: Okay, but the fact remains a Boston priest abused 80 kids, we have a lawyer who says he can prove Law knew about it and we've written all of... uh... 2 stories in the last 6 months. This strikes me as an essential story to a local paper, I think the very least we have to go through those documents. Peter Canellos: How would you like to do that? Marty Baron: Oh uh, I don't know what the laws are here, but in Florida we would go to court. Ben Bradlee Jr.: You wanna sue the Church? Marty Baron: Technically we wouldn't sue the Church, we'd file a motion to lift the seal on the documents. Ben Bradlee Jr.: The Church will read that as us suing them. So will everybody else. Marty Baron: Good to know.

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: [on Patrick] He's one of the lucky ones. He's still alive.

§Spotlight ¤ Jim Sullivan: [from trailer] I was doing my job. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Yeah, you and everyone else.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: [from trailer] They knew and they let it happen! It could've been you, it could've been me, it could've been any of us.

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: I'm Armenian. How many Armenians do you know in Boston ? Mike Rezendes: Steve Kurkjian, works at the Globe... Mitchell Garabedian: Oh. That's two. You should get a prize or something.

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: This city, these people... making the rest of us feel like we don't belong. But they're no better than us. Look at how they treat their children. Mark my words, Mr. Rezendes. If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a village to abuse one.

§Spotlight ¤ Sacha Pfeiffer: [about his molestation] Joe, did you ever try and tell anyone? Joe Crowley: Like who, a priest?

§Spotlight ¤ Phil Saviano: I was eleven. And I was preyed upon by father David Holly in Wester. And I don't mean prayed for, I mean preyed upon.

§Spotlight ¤ [last lines] Walter 'Robby' Robinson: [answering the phone] Spotlight.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: [from trailer] I know there's things you cannot tell people. But I also know there's a story here people will hear about it.

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: [from trailer] I don't want you recording this in any way, shape or form. Nothing.

§Spotlight ¤ Phil Saviano: You guys gotta understand. This is big. This is not just Boston. It's the whole country. It's the whole world. And it goes right up to the Vatican.

§Spotlight ¤ [last lines] Title Card: Over the course of 2002, the Spotlight team published close to 600 stories about the scandal. Title Card: 249 priests and brothers were publicly accused of sexual abuse within the Boston Archdiocese. The number of survivors in Boston is estimated to be well over 1,000. Title Card: In December 2002, Cardinal Law resigned from the Boston Archdiocese. He was reassigned to the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome, one of the highest ranking Roman Catholic churches in the world. Title Card: Major abuse scandals have been uncovered in the following places: Albany, NY, Altoona, PA, Anchorage, AK, Anchorage, KY, Baker, OR, Baltimore, MD, Billings, MT, Bridgeport, CT, Briscoe Memorial, WA, Brooklyn, NY, Burlington, VT, Camden, NJ, Cape Girardeau, MO, Charleston, SC, Chicago, IL, Cincinnati, OH, Cleveland, OH, Collegeville, MN, Conway Springs, KS, Covington, KY, Dallas, TX, Davenport, IA, Denver, CO, Detroit, MI, Dubuque, IA, East Greenwich, RI, El Paso, TX, Fairbanks, AK, Fall River, MA, Fargo, ND, Farmington, IA, Fort Worth, TX, Gallup, NM, Goshen, NY, Grand Mound, IA, Grand Rapids, MI, Greenbush, MN, Hannibal, CT, Helena, MT, Honolulu, HI, Indianapolis, IN, Jackson, MS, Joliet, IL, Kansas, City, KS, Kansas, City, MO, Lincoln, NE, Los Angeles, CA, Los Gatos, CA, Louisville, KY, Manchester, NH, Marietta, GA, Marty Indian School, SD, Memphis, TN, Mendham, NJ, Miami, FL, Milwaukee, WI, Mobile, AL, Monterey, CA, Nashville, TN, New Orleans, LA, New York, NY, Oakland, CA, Omaha, NE, Onamia, MN, Orange, CA, Palm Beach, FL, Peoria, IL, Philadelphia, PA, Phoenix, AZ, Pittsburgh, PA, Portland, OR, Providence, RI, Raleigh, NC, Richmond, VA, Rochester, NY, Rockville Centre, NY, Rosebud Reservation, SD, Sacramento, CA, San Antonio, TX, San Bernardino, CA, San Diego, CA, Santa Barbara, CA, Santa Fe, NM, Santa Rosa, CA, Savannah, GA, Scranton, PA, Seattle, WA, Spokane, WA, Springfield, MA, St. Francis, WI, St. Ignatius, MT, St. Louis, MO, St. Michael, AK, St. Paul/Minneapolis, MN, Stebbins, AK, Stockton, CA, Tucson, AZ, Wellesley, MA, Wilmington, DE, Worcester, MA, Yakima, WA, Yuma, AZ, Adelaide, Australia, Akute, Nigeria, Antigonish, Canada, Arapiraca, Brazil, Auckland, New Zealand, Ayacucho, Peru, Ballarat, Australia, Bass Hill, Australia, Bathurst, Australia, Berazategui, Argentina, Berlin, Germany, Bindoon, Australia, Bo, Sierra Leone, Bontoc, Philippines, Brits, South Africa, Bruges, Belgium, Buenos Aires, Argentia, Caen, France, Canberra, Australia, Cape Town, South Africa, Cebu City, Philippines, Chatham, Canada, Chimbote, Peru, Christchurch, New Zealand, Ciudad de México, México, Comillas, Spain, Cottolengo, Chile, Cuacnopalan, Mexico, Curracloe, Ireland, Dandenong, Australia, Dublin, Ireland, Edinburgh, Scotland, Feilding, New Zealand, Flawinne, Belgium, Franca, Brazil, Gortahork, Ireland, Goulbara, Australia, Grenada, Spain, Hamilton, New Zealand, Hobart, Australia, Hollabrunn, Austria, Igloolik, Canada, Kilnacrott, Ireland, Kircubbin, Northern Ireland, Latticefield, Australia, Letterfrack, Ireland, London, England, Lota, Ireland, Maipú, Chile, Manchester, England, Manila, Philippines, Mariana, Brazil, Masterton, New Zealand, Medellín, Colombia, Melbourne, Australia, Melipilla, Chile, Mérida, Venezuela, Middlesbrough, England, Mildura, Australia, Mittagong, Australia, Monageer, Ireland, Morisset, Australia, Morón, Argentina, Mount Isa, Australia, Munich, Germany, Nairobi, Kenya, Naval, Philippines, Neerkol, Australia, Newcastle, Australia, Ngong, Kenya, Ollur, India, Ottre, Belgium, Paraná, Argentina, Perth, Australia, Pilar, Argentina, Poznan, Poland, Preston, England, Quilicura, Chile, Quilmes, Argentina, Rab, Croatia, Reading, England, Frickhofen, Germany, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Rufisque, Senegal, Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, France, Salta, Argentina, San Luis Potosí, Mexico, Santiago, Chile, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, Sherbrooke, Canada, Silverstream, New Zealand, Soni, Tanzania, St. John's, Canada, Sydney, Australia, Toowoomba, Australia, Trondheim, Norway, Tubay, Philippines, Wagga Wagga, Australia, Wexford, Ireland, Wilno, Canada, Wollongong, Australia

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: Do you still go to mass? Richard Sipe: No, I haven't been to church for some time now but I still consider myself a Catholic. Mike Rezendes: How does that work? Richard Sipe: The Church is an institution, Mike, made of men. It's passing. My faith is in the eternal. I try to separate the two.

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: [from trailer] I'm not crazy, they control everything.

§Spotlight ¤ Sacha Pfeiffer: [from trailer] We understand you settled several cases against the church. Eric Macleish: I can't discuss that. Sacha Pfeiffer: Are there any records of any of these settlements? Eric Macleish: No.

§Spotlight ¤ [first lines] Young Cop: How's that going? Court Clerk Mark: Mother's bawlin' and the uncle is pissed off. Young Cop: She's not married? Court Clerk Mark: Divorced, with 4 kids. I guess the Father was helping out. Young Cop: Helping out? Court Clerk Mark: ...Hey, Mr. Burke, they're in the back talking to the Bishop. Paul Burke: [entering] And Father? Court Clerk Mark: We put him in the break room. Paul Burke: Any press? Court Clerk Mark: Some guy from the Citizen, but we sent him away. None of the big papers. Paul Burke: Let's keep it that way... [continues down the hall] Young Cop: Who's that? Court Clerk Mark: Assistant D.A. Young Cop: It's gonna be hard to keep the papers from arraignment. Court Clerk Mark: What arraignment?

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: I already talked to the Phoenix. Mike Rezendes: Yeah, there's a reason I didn't see it. Nobody reads a Phoenix anymore... they're broke, they don't have any power. The Globe does. If we cover the story, everybody will hear about it. Mitchell Garabedian: The Church thinks in centuries, Mr. Rezendes. Do you think your paper has resources to take that on? Mike Rezendes: Yeah, I do. But if you don't mind me asking... Do you?

§Spotlight ¤ Phil Saviano: How do you say "no" to God, right?

§Spotlight ¤ Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Did you play a sport here, Jack? Jack Dunn: Yeah. Football. Why? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Mmm. I ran track. You know, I went to Providence yesterday to talk to one of Father Talbot's victims. He played hockey here. And he's one of the better ones. He's got a wife, kids, good job. About ten minutes into the conversation, the guy breaks down. You know, couldn't stop crying. Said he could never figure out why Father Talbot picked him. Father Talbot coached the hockey team. So... I gues we just got lucky. You and me.

§Spotlight ¤ Eric Macleish: [from trailer] Are you threatening me?

§Spotlight ¤ Ben Bradlee Jr.: So it's thirteen priests? Sacha Pfeiffer: Yeah. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Looks that way. Ben Bradlee Jr.: Holy shit.

§Spotlight ¤ Eric Macleish: Most of these folks, they just want some acknowledgement... of what happened. We got them a sit down with the Bishop and... a little dough, and that's the best they can hope for. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Well, certainly, the best that priest could hope for.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: [Robby and Mike enter the office] Hey, Linda. It's quiet, huh? Linda: Yeah. Easiest overtime I ever made. Phone hasn't rung once. Marty sent two of mine down to Spotlight. Linda: [Robby and Mike head to the Spotlight office] Great article, guys.

§Spotlight ¤ Eric Macleish: I already sent you a list of names. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: What are you talking about? To whom? Eric Macleish: The Globe. Years ago. After the Porter case, I got plenty of calls. I had twenty priests in Boston alone, but I couldn't go after 'em without the press. So I sent you guys a list of names, and you buried it. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: I want those names tomorrow. Eric Macleish: Check your god damn clips, Robby.

§Spotlight ¤ Mitchell Garabedian: Three years ago I get a call from an ex-priest, Anthony Benzovich. He was at Blessed Sacrament back in '62, and he saw Geoghan... [waits for two cops to pass by, then continues] Mitchell Garabedian: ... taking little boys up to the rectory bedroom. So he's appalled, all right? And tells the bishop about it. The bishop threatens to re-assign him... to South America. Mike Rezendes: Jesus. Mike Rezendes: Yeah. So, fast forward thirty-five years. Benzovich reads that Geoghan has been charged with molesting hundreds of kids. So, he feels guilty. He calls me. Mike Rezendes: So, you have testimony of a priest telling his superiors about Geoghan in '62? Mitchell Garabedian: [shakes his head] No, I do not. Because when I call Benzovich in to give a disposition, he comes in with a lawyer. Mike Rezendes: Wilson Rogers! Mitchell Garabedian: Right. And suddenly, Father Benzovich has a very foggy memory. Can't remember anything. He's useless. So, I go back to work, I forget about it, whatever. Until about a year ago, I find an article about a priest who warned church officials about Geoghan. Mike Rezendes: Benzovich went to the press? Mitchell Garabedian: Yeah. Local paper, Patriot-Ledger. Nobody saw it. But now I got Benzovich on record. So, I file a motion to depose Benzovich a second time. And Wilson Rogers, that smug son of a bitch, files a motion opposing my motion. And that's when I have him. Mike Rezendes: Have him how? Mitchell Garabedian: Rogers opposes my motion, so I have to make an argument as to why I'm allowed to depose Father Benzovich a second time. Okay? But this time, I'm allowed to attach exhibits. You follow what I'm saying? Mike Rezendes: The sealed documents? Mitchell Garabedian: Yes! I can attach the sealed documents that I've gotten in discovery, Mr. Rezendes, the same documents your paper is currently suing for. Mike Rezendes: You're shitting me! Mitchell Garabedian: What? No, no, I'm not shitting you! So, I pull out the fourteen most damning docs, and I attach them to my motion. And they prove everything. Everything! About the church, about the bishops, about Law... Mike Rezendes: And it's all public! Because your motion to oppose Rogers' motion... Mitchell Garabedian: ...is public, yeah. Exactly. Now you're paying attention. Mike Rezendes: So, I can just walk into that courtroom right now and get those documents? Mitchell Garabedian: No, you cannot. Because the documents are not there. Mike Rezendes: But you just said they're public. Mitchell Garabedian: I know I did. But this is Boston. And the church does not want them to be found. So, they are not there.

§Spotlight ¤ Walter 'Robby' Robinson: You know thirteen priests in Boston who have molested children? Phil Saviano: Yeah! Why do you keep repeating everything I say? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: [quieter than before] I just like to clarify things. Phil Saviano: Maybe you should have clarified it five years ago when I sent you all of this stuff! It's all... right here! [silence, Phil composes himself] Phil Saviano: May I use your bathroom? [pause] Matt Carroll: Yeah, sure, Phil.

§Spotlight ¤ Richard Sipe: If you really want to understand the crisis, you have to start with the celicabacy requirement. That was my first major finding. Only 50% of the clergy are celibate. Now, most of them are having sex with other adults; but the fact remains that this creates a culture of secrecy that tolerates and even protects pedophiles.

§Spotlight ¤ Richard Sipe: After the first major scandal in Louisiana, Tom Doyle, the secretary-canonist for the papal nuncio, coauthored a report warning that pedophile priests were a billion-dollar liability. That was in 1985.

§Spotlight ¤ Ben Bradlee Jr.: [upon learning what Sipe's estimate of the incident rate of pedophilia in catholic priests would translate to] NINETY fucking priests... in Boston!

§Spotlight ¤ Walter 'Robby' Robinson: [as Mike and Matt enter Baron's office] Anything? Mike Rezendes: Law just turned us down. Ben Bradlee Jr.: Jesus Christ! Mike Rezendes: I just got off the phone with Donna Morrissey. She said, quote, "We don't even want to know what the questions are," end quote. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: She really said that? Mike Rezendes: Yeah! Ben Bradlee Jr.: Well, that ought to do it. Marty Baron: [as he writes it in the draft] "The church had no interest in knowing what The Globe's questions would be." Work it in somewhere before the jump. Anything else?

§Spotlight ¤ Middle Age Priest at St. Peter's: So the other day I was on the World Wide Web. Anything you want to know, it's right there. Now, I have to admit that as a priest, this makes me a little nervous. Should I be worried about job security? I don't think so. You see, knowledge is one thing, but faith... Faith is another.

§Spotlight ¤ Phil Saviano: Look, I get it. No one wants to read about kids getting raped by priests, especially now. But you asked a lot of people to re-live some very painful experiences... Sacha Pfeiffer: Phil, you know why we were taken off of this story. Phil Saviano: ...and-and... and you just disappear. It's been six weeks since 9/11. Sacha Pfeiffer: I realize that, and we're gonna get back to it. Phil Saviano: When? You're doing the same thing you guys did last time. Sacha Pfeiffer: No. Phil Saviano: You're dropping us. Sacha Pfeiffer: No. Phil Saviano: Maybe I should tell the Herald that story. Sacha Pfeiffer: Okay, Phil, you go ahead and do that. It'll undo all the work we've done, but I can't stop you. Listen to me. I am here because I care. We're not going away. We're gonna tell this story. We're gonna tell it right. We just need a little more time. That's all we're asking for. Phil Saviano: Why bother asking? You're gonna do what you want anyway. You always do.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: Holy shit. Matt Carroll: Robby. Sacha Pfeiffer: That's three off Sipe's estimate. That's incredible. Mike Rezendes: Robby. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: How many? Matt Carroll: 87. Mike Rezendes: 87 priests in Boston. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Call Macleish. I wanna talk to him.

§Spotlight ¤ Pete Conley: You know, you got a lot of people here who respect you, Robby. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Oh, well.. Pete Conley: The work you do. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: That's good to know. Pete Conley: Well, it's 'cause you care about this place. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Yeah. Pete Conley: It's why you do what you do. It's who you are. You know, but people need the Church more than ever right now. You know, you can feel it. And the cardinal, um... you know, the cardinal, he might not be perfect. But we can't throw out all the good he's doing over a few bad apples. Now, you know, I'm bringing this up to you because I know this is Baron's idea. His agenda. I gotta tell you, I mean, honest to God, I mean, he doesn't care about this city the way we do. I mean, how could he? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: This is how it happens, isn't it, Pete? Pete Conley: What's that? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: A guy leans on a guy, and suddenly the whole town just looks the other way. Pete Conley: Robby. Robby. Lookit. Marty Baron is just trying to make his mark. He's gonna be here for a couple of years and he's gonna move on. Just like he did in New York and Miami. Where are you gonna go?

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: I don't know why I got so pissed off. You know, I think Robby's wrong. Sacha Pfeiffer: You know, you're just... you care about the story, Mike. We all do. Mike Rezendes: Yeah, I guess. Sacha Pfeiffer: Hmm. I stopped going to church with my nana. I-It was... it was too hard. I... you know, I'd be sitting there, and I-I would start thinking about Joe Crowley or someone else, and I just... I just got so angry. Mike Rezendes: Did you... did you tell her why? Sacha Pfeiffer: [shaking her head] She goes to church three times a week, Mike. Mike Rezendes: It really pisses me off. You know, I actually really liked going to church when I was a little kid. Sacha Pfeiffer: Mmm. Why'd you stop? Mike Rezendes: Typical shit. But the weird thing is is... I think I... think I figured that maybe one day, I w... I... I would atually go back. I was really... I was holding on to that. Sacha Pfeiffer: Mm-hmm. Mike Rezendes: I read those letters, and... and it... and something just... cracked. Sacha Pfeiffer: It's a shitty feeling. Mike Rezendes: Yeah. It's a shitty feeling.

§Spotlight ¤ Pete Conley: Looks like a long day. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Hey, Pete. Pete Conley: I'm sorry to make it longer.

§Spotlight ¤ Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Has anyone ever said no to a drink with you, Pete? Pete Conley: Well, sure. But the trick is to keep asking.

§Spotlight ¤ Sacha Pfeiffer: Does Jack Dunn work for the school? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: No, he's PR for Boston College. They call him when they need help. Sacha Pfeiffer: And Pete Conley, why-why was he there? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Good question. Pete's a big alum. But I called Bill directly and I asked for a sit-down. I never mentioned anybody else. Sacha Pfeiffer: It's like everybody already knows the story. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: [indicating the Globe building across the street] Yeah. Except us. And we work right there.

§Spotlight ¤ Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Look, I'm close to stories on 70 priests. We nail that, along with those letters, this is proof that this is bigger than Law. It's the whole system. Marty Baron: You have multiple sources confirming all those priests? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: On some. I can get more. Ben Bradlee Jr.: Too risky. If we're not buttoned up on every single one of them, the Church will pick us apart. Walter 'Robby' Robinson: I think I can get us someone from the other side of the aisle. Ben Bradlee Jr.: Somebody inside the Church? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Yeah. A lawyer. Marty Baron: Will he go on the record? Walter 'Robby' Robinson: Deep background. But he's a solid source.

§Spotlight ¤ Mike Rezendes: Robby, it's incredible. Law knew about Geoghan for years, no question. There's a letter to Law from a woman, Margaret Gallant, who lived in Jamaica Plain in the early '80s when Geoghan was there. Listen to this. "Our family is rooted in the Church. Our desire is to protect the Holy Orders, even in the midst of our agony over the seven boys in our family who have been violated." Seven, Robby. Seven boys. "It was suggested we keep silent. We did not question the authority of the Church two years ago. But since Father Geoghan is still in his parish..." But she sent it to Law and Law did shit. Here's another to Law, same year. Listen to this. "A word on the recent assignment of Father Geoghan as an associate at St. Julia's in Weston. Father Geoghan has a history of homosexual involvement with young boys. I understand his recent departure from St. Brendan's may be related to this problem. I wonder if Father Geoghan should not be reduced to just weekend work while receiving some kind of therapy. You know how grateful I am to you for your constant concern. Sincerely yours in our Lord, Most Reverend John M D'Arcy, auxiliary bishop of Boston. December 7, 1984." Matt Carroll: An auxiliary bishop wrote that? Mike Rezendes: Right. Sacha Pfeiffer: That's incredible. He broke ranks. I mean, w-when did Gallant write her letter? Mike Rezendes: 1984. Sacha Pfeiffer: And Law just ignored it? Matt Carroll: How do you ignore that freaking letter?

§Platoon ¤ [Refering to Vietnam] Chris Taylor: Somebody once wrote, "Hell is the impossibility of reason." That's what this place feels like. Hell.

§Platoon ¤ [last lines] Chris Taylor: [voiceover] I think now, looking back, we did not fight the enemy; we fought ourselves. And the enemy was in us. The war is over for me now, but it will always be there, the rest of my days as I'm sure Elias will be, fighting with Barnes for what Rhah called possession of my soul. There are times since, I've felt like the child born of those two fathers. But, be that as it may, those of us who did make it have an obligation to build again, to teach to others what we know, and to try with what's left of our lives to find a goodness and a meaning to this life.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Elias: What happened today was just the beginning. We're gonna lose this war. Chris Taylor: Come on. You really think so? Us? Sgt. Elias: We been kicking other peoples asses for so long, I figured it's time we got ours kicked.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. O'Neill: Excuses are like assholes, Taylor, everybody got one.

§Platoon ¤ Rhah: Elias didn't ask you to fight his battles for him. And if there's a heaven, and, God, I hope there is, I know he's sitting up there drunk as a fucking monkey and smoking shit, 'cause he done left his pains down here.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Elias: I love this place at night, the stars. There's no right or wrong in them. They're just there.

§Platoon ¤ [King is writing a letter to his girlfriend] Francis: It ain't D-E-R-E, it's D-E-A-R. And "Sarah" ain't got no two R's, King. Damn, you dumb! King: It don't make no difference. She know what I mean. She don't read too good nohow.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: Talking about killing? Y'all experts? Y'all know about killing? I'd like to hear about it, potheads. [takes pipe and inhales drag] Sgt. Barnes: Why do you smoke this shit? So as to escape from reality? Me, I don't need this shit. I am reality. There's the way it ought to be. And there's the way it is. Elias was full of shit. Elias was a crusader. Now, I got no fight with any man who does what he's told, but when he don't, the machine breaks down. And when the machine breaks down, we break down. And I ain't gonna allow that in any of you. Not one. [hands pipe back and spits] Sgt. Barnes: Y'all love Elias. Oh, you wanna kick ass. Yeah. Well, here I am, all by my lonesome, and ain't nobody gonna know. Six of you boys against me. Kill me. Huh. I shit on all of you.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. O'Neill: Bob, I got a bad feeling on this one, all right? I mean, I got a bad feeling. I don't think I'm gonna make it out of here. You understand what I'm saying to you? Sgt. Barnes: Everybody got to die sometime, Red.

§Platoon ¤ [Chris has just gotten to Vietnam. Some passing veterans shout at him] Soldier 1: New meat! You dudes gonna love the Nam. Soldier 2: For fucking ever.

§Platoon ¤ Chris Taylor: Day by day, I struggle to maintain not only my strength but my sanity. It's all a blur. I have no energy to write. I don't know what's right and what's wrong anymore. The morale of the men is low. A civil war in the platoon. Half the men with Elias, half with Barnes. There's a lot of suspicion and hate. I can't believe we're fighting each other when we should be fighting them.

§Platoon ¤ Capt. Harris: Be advised. We've got zips in the wire down here. Phantom Pilot: Roger your last, Bravo Six. Can't run it any closer. We're hot to trot and packing snake and nape, but we're bingo on fuel. Capt. Harris: For the record, it's my call. Dump everything you've got left on my pos. I say again, expend all remaining in my perimeter. It's a lovely fucking war. Bravo Six out. Phantom Pilot: Roger your last, Bravo Six. We copy. It's your call. Get them all in their holes down there. Hang tough, Bravo Six. We're coming cocked for treetops.

§Platoon ¤ Bunny: You know, Junior, some of the things we done, man... I don't feel like we done something wrong. But sometimes, man, I get this bad feeling. I told the Padre the truth, man. I like it here. You get to do what you want. Nobody fucks with you. The only worry you got is dying. And if that happens, you won't know about it anyway. So what the fuck, man. Junior: Shit, I got to be in this hole with you, man? I just know I shouldn't have come.

§Platoon ¤ [first title card] Title card: "Rejoice O young man in thy youth..." - Ecclesiastes

§Platoon ¤ Chris Taylor: [narrating] Maybe I finally found it, way down here in the mud. Maybe from down here I can start up again. Be something I can be proud of without having to fake it, be a fake human being.

§Platoon ¤ King: [while cleaning the latrines] I'm too short for this shit, man. 39 and a wake-up, a pause for the cause and I'm a gone motherfucker. Back to the world! Crawford: Hey, I broke a hundred the other day, 92 left to go. April 17th, home to California, checkin' out the babes on the beach... the surfin's gonna be good. King: March, man, in Tennessee... sniff the pines... sniff that cross-mounted pussy down by the river, hot damn! Hey Taylor, how many days you got left? Three hundred and what? Chris Taylor: Thirty two. 332 days. Crawford: Shit, I can't even remember when I was 332, man. You gotta like, count backwards or something, you know like you got 40 days in? Think positive, dude.

§Platoon ¤ Chris Taylor: [narrating] Well, here I am, anonymous, all right. With guys nobody really cares about. They come from the end of the line, most of them, small towns you never heard of: Pulaski, Tennessee; Brandon, Mississippi; Pork Bend, Utah; Wampum, Pennsylvania. Two years' high school's about it. Maybe if they're lucky, a job waiting for them back in a factory. But most of 'em got nothing. They're poor. They're the unwanted. Yet they're fighting for our society and our freedom. It's weird, isn't it? They're the bottom of the barrel, and they know it. Maybe that's why they call themselves grunts, 'cause a grunt can take it, can take anything. They're the best I've ever seen, Grandma. The heart and soul.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: Shut up! Shut up and take the pain! Take the pain!

§Platoon ¤ [Chris Taylor takes his first hit of marijuana] Sgt. Elias: First time? Chris Taylor: Yeah. Sgt. Elias: Then the worm has definitely turned for you, man. Feel good? Chris Taylor: Yeah, it feels good. I got no pain in my neck now. Sgt. Elias: Feeling good's good enough.

§Platoon ¤ Chris Taylor: Any way you cut it, Barnes is a fucking murderer. King: Right on. Rhah: Taylor, I remember when you first came in here telling me how much you admired the bastard. Chris Taylor: I was wrong. Rhah: Wrong? You ain't never been right about nothing! And dig this, you assholes, and dig it good... Barnes been shot seven times and he ain't dead. Does that mean anything to you, huh? Barnes ain't meant to die. The only thing that can kill Barnes is Barnes.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: Y'all take a good look at this lump of shit. Remember what it looks like. You fuck up in a firefight and I goddamn guarantee you a trip out of the bush in a body bag! Out here, assholes, you keep your shit wired tight at all times! [to Taylor] Sgt. Barnes: And that goes for you, shit-for-brains. You don't sleep on no fucking ambush! [to Junior] Sgt. Barnes: And the next son of a bitch I catch copping "Z"s in the bush, I'm personally gonna take an interest in seeing him suffer. I shit you not. Doc, tag him and bag him.

§Platoon ¤ King: Hey, Taylor. How in the fuck you get here anyway? Why, you look educated. Chris Taylor: I volunteered for it. King: You did what? Chris Taylor: I volunteered. I dropped out of college, and told them I wanted the infantry, combat, and Vietnam. Crawford: You volunteered for this shit, man? Chris Taylor: You believe that? King: You's a crazy fucker, giving up college. Chris Taylor: It didn't make much sense. I wasn't learning anything. I figured why should just the poor kids go off to war and the rich kids always get away with it? King: Oh, I see. What we got here is a crusader. Crawford: Sounds like it. King: Shit. You gotta be rich in the first place to think like that. Everybody know the poor are always being fucked over by the rich. Always have, always will.

§Platoon ¤ Big Harold: I don't know brothers, but I'm hurting real bad inside.

§Platoon ¤ Bunny: Hey Junior, you never smoked any shit? Junior: That's right, dude. See, y'all been trying to keep the black man down, and string him out on that shit. But the time be's comin, my man, when the black man? Throw that yoke off. Simple - free your mind, your ass will follow. Bunny: Yeah, I can dig it, man. You smoke that shit, everything kind of gets weird, you know what I mean? You hear that story about the gooks putting chemicals in the grass, so we don't fight? So we become pacifists? Junior: Hey, but don't you worry, Bunny, 'cause you's a killer anyway, man. Bunny: Yeah, but I still like a piece of pussy once in a while. Ain't nothing like a piece of pussy, except maybe the Indy 500. Junior: Only way you get some pussy, man, is if a bitch dies and wills it to you, and then, maybe.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: Death? What do you all know about death?

§Platoon ¤ Pvt. Gator Lerner: [to Rhah] You're weird, man.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: Martin, get your boots on. And the next time I catch you spraying skeeter repellent on your fucking feet, I'm gonna court-martial your nigger ass. Junior: Well, then court-martial me, motherfucker! Bust my ass. Send me to fucking Long Binh! You do your fucking worst! You white folks have got your last klick out of Junior! Sgt. Barnes: O'Neill, get me that centipede. Sgt. O'Neill: Sergeant? Sgt. Barnes: Yeah, that long, hairy, red and black bastard I found in the ammo crate. I'm gonna put it in this boy's crotch, see if he can walk. Sgt. O'Neill: I remember now.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: Elias was full of shit. Elias was a crusader. Now, I got no fight with any man who does what he's told, but when he don't, the machine breaks down. And when the machine breaks down, we break down. And I ain't gonna allow that in any of you. Not one.

§Platoon ¤ Tony Hoyt: What the fuck is your problem, Taylor? She's a fucking dink! Chris Taylor: She's a fucking human being, man! Fuck you!

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: [to Lt. Wolfe after giving wrong target grid for mortar-fire] You ignorant asshole! What the fuck coordinates you giving? You wasted a lot of people up there with your fucked-up fire mission! You know that? You know that? Ah, shit!

§Platoon ¤ Bunny: [to Private Taylor] Fucking pussy, man. He's laughing at you. That's the way the gook laughs. [to Vietnamese villager] Bunny: Yeah, sure you are. You're real sorry, ain't you? You're just crying your little hearts out about Sandy and Sal and Manny. Sgt. O'Neill: Forget about it, Bunny, huh? Let's go. What do you say? [Bunny hits the Vietnamese villager over the head with the butt of his shotgun] Bunny: Holy shit! You see that fucking head come apart, man? I never seen brains like that before, man. I bet you the old bitch runs the whole fucking show, man. She probably cut Manny's throat. She would probably cut my balls off if she had the chance. Sgt. O'Neill: Bunny, we leave now. Nobody saw a fucking thing! You understand me, Taylor? Not a fucking thing. Bunny: Fucking woman, man. Come on, man, let's fucking do her, man. Let's do this whole fucking village!

§Platoon ¤ [after the final battle, Taylor picks up an AK-47 and encounters a wounded Barnes] Sgt. Barnes: Get me a medic. Go on, boy! [Taylor refuses to budge, and aims the AK-47 at Barnes] Sgt. Barnes: Do it. [Taylor shoots Barnes three times, killing him]

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: You don't tell me how to run my war, Elias! Now you go cryin' and rat-fuckin' the brigade on your own time, but out here, you belong to me! Now move! Sgt. Elias: You're an asshole, Barnes.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: You're dead, Elias! I swear to fuckin' God, you're dead! Sgt. Elias: You're gonna do time in LBJ! This shit won't wash, you fucking puke!

§Platoon ¤ Bunny: [Merle Haggard's "Okie from Muskogee" is playing on the radio] That's a bad jam, man. Junior: Redneck noise, dude, that's all it is. Make about as much sense as you do. All them chumps be talkin' about how they losin' they ho, and ain't got no bread for beer. Fuck that honky shit.

§Platoon ¤ [Manny has been killed and the platoon is looking for revenge] Chris Taylor: The village, which had stood for maybe 1,000 years, didn't know we were coming that day. If they had, they would have run. Barnes was at the eye of our rage. And through him, our Captain Ahab. He would set things right again. That day, we loved him.

§Platoon ¤ [Elias, Barnes and O'Neill argue about what to do with the "cherries."] Sgt. Elias: They don't know shit, Barnes, and chances are we're gonna run into something. Think about it. Sgt. O'Neill: That's just great, Bob, and what do you want me to do? Send one of my guys out to get zapped so some lame-ass just in from the world can get his beauty sleep? No. Sgt. Elias: Hey, O'Neill, take a break. You don't have to be a prick every day of you life, you know.

§Platoon ¤ [During the interrogation of a village chief after the platoon finds hidden weapons] Pvt. Gator Lerner: Says they had no choice. Says the NVA killed the old honcho when he said no. Now he says all the rice is theirs. Sgt. Barnes: Oh, bullshit, Lerner.

§Platoon ¤ King: [Watching the ambush party leave into the jungle] I'm glad I ain't going with them. Somewhere out there is the beast and he hungry tonight.

§Platoon ¤ Doc: This is bad, man. I got bad vibes here.

§Platoon ¤ Chris Taylor: He killed him. I know that he killed him. I saw his eyes when he came back in. Rhah: How do you know the dinks didn't get him? You've got no proof, man. Chris Taylor: Proof's in the eyes, man. When you know, you know. You were there, Rhah, and I know what you were thinking. I say we frag that fucker tonight.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Elias: Barnes believes in what he's doing. Chris Taylor: And you? Do you believe? Sgt. Elias: In '65, yeah. Now, no. What happened today is just the beginning. We're gonna lose this war.

§Platoon ¤ Rhah: What you doing in the underworld, Taylor? King: Well, this here ain't Taylor. Taylor been shot. This man here is Chris. He been resurrected.

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. O'Neill: Guy's in three years, he thinks he's Jesus fucking Christ or something. Sgt. Barnes: Red, your guys stay in, but you go! I need veterans out there. Sgt. O'Neill: Damn it! [leaves] Lt. Wolf: Excuse me, Seargeant. But in front of the men, I think it's necessary for *me* to give the orders. Sgt. Barnes: [sarcastically] Yes, sir.

§Platoon ¤ Bunny: What are they doing over there? They're gettin' high, that's what.

§Platoon ¤ Tony Hoyt: Let's go for it! Let's do the whole fucking village!

§Platoon ¤ [first lines] Pvt. Gardner: [seeing body bags] Oh, man. Is that what I think it is? Sergeant: All right, you cheese-dicks, welcome to the Nam. Follow me!

§Platoon ¤ Sgt. Barnes: Yo! Saddle up! Lock and load!

§Platoon ¤ Chris Taylor: [after taking down a group of NVA soldiers] I got two of them fuckers, man! Rhah: I got one! Chris Taylor: [cups hand to his mouth] Ho Chi Minh sucks dead dick! [whoops]

§Platoon ¤ King: Thirty nine and a wake-up, a pause for the cause, and I'm a gone motherfucker! Back to the world! Crawford: I hear you, man. Broke 100 the other day. King: No shit. Crawford: Ninety-two left to go. April 17, heroes, man. Home to California. I'll be sitting outside, checking out the babes on the beach. The surfing's gonna be good. King: March, man, in Tennessee. Sniff the pines, sniff that cross-mounted pussy down by the river. Whoo, hot damn! Hey, Taylor, how long you got left? Three hundred and what? Chris Taylor: Thirty-two. Three hundred and thirty-two days. King: Xin loi, my boy! Crawford: I can't even remember when I was 332, man. You gotta, like, count backwards or something. You know, like, you got 40 days in. I mean, think positive, dude.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Jeanne d'Arc: Dear God, I accept my death gladly but do not let me suffer too long. Will I be with You tonight in Paradise?

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Jeanne d'Arc: You claim that I am sent by the Devil. It's not true. To make me suffer, the Devil has sent you... and you... and you... and you.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Juge: Has God promised you things? Jeanne d'Arc: That has nothing to do with this trial!

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Juge: How old are you? Jeanne d'Arc: [counts on her fingers] Nineteen... I think.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Évêque Pierre Cauchon (Bishop Pierre Cauchon): So you think God hates the English? Jeanne d'Arc: I don't know if God loves or hates the English; but I do know that the English will all be chased from France - except those that die here!

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Jeanne d'Arc: To save France - it's why I was born.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Évêque Pierre Cauchon (Bishop Pierre Cauchon): Why do you wear men's clothing? If we give you woman's clothing, would you wear it? Jeanne d'Arc: When the mission that God has entrusted to me is over, I will again dress as a woman.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Jeanne d'Arc: I love and honor God... with al my heart.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Jeanne d'Arc: I have never wronged anyone.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Juge: What is your name? Jeanne d'Arc: In France, I am called Joan... in my village, I am called Jeanneton.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Old man: You have burned a saint!

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Jeanne d'Arc: I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, nothing but the truth.

§The Passion of Joan of Arc ¤ Évêque Pierre Cauchon (Bishop Pierre Cauchon): How do you know a good angel from an evil angel?

§The Terminator ¤ Cleaning Man at Flophouse: [1:14:18] Hey, buddy. You got a dead cat in there, or what? [the Terminator visualizes: 'POSSIBLE RESPONSE: YES/NO; OR WHAT?; GO AWAY; PLEASE COME BACK LATER; FUCK YOU, ASSHOLE; FUCK YOU'] The Terminator: Fuck you, asshole.

§The Terminator ¤ The Terminator: [59:15] I'm a friend of Sarah Connor. I was told she was here. Could I see her please? Desk Sergeant: No, you can't see her she's making a statement. The Terminator: Where is she? Desk Sergeant: [uses his pencil to point to the bench] Look, it may take a while. Want to wait? There's a bench over there. [points to bench] The Terminator: [looks around, examining the structural integrity of the room, then looks back at him] I'll be back!

§The Terminator ¤ Punk Leader: [5:35] Nice night for a walk, eh? The Terminator: Nice night for a walk. Punk: Wash day tomorrow? Nothing clean, right? The Terminator: Nothing clean. Right. Punk Leader: Hey, I think this guy's a couple cans short of a six-pack. The Terminator: Your clothes... give them to me, now. Punk Leader: [pulls out a knife] Fuck you, asshole!

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [to the Terminator as she's about to push a button that will crush the terminator] You're terminated, fucker.

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [36:41] Come with me if you want to live.

§The Terminator ¤ [after Sarah tries to escape and bites Reese's hand, in a stolen car] Kyle Reese: [42:46] Cyborgs don't feel pain. I do. Don't do that again. Sarah Connor: [weakly] Just let me go! Kyle Reese: Listen, and understand! That Terminator is out there! It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop... ever, until you are dead!

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [8:44] What day is it? The date! Cop in Alley: 12th... May... Thursday... Kyle Reese: [viciously] WHAT YEAR?

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [recording a tape for her future son while sitting in her jeep at a gas station] The hardest thing is deciding what I should tell you and what not to. But I guess I've got a while yet before you're old enough to even understand the tapes. They're more for me at this point just so I can get it straight. Should I tell you about your father? Boy, that's a tough one. Will it affect your decision to send him here, knowing that he is you father? If you don't send Kyle, you can never be. God, a person can go crazy thinking about all this... I suppose I will tell you... I owe him that. Maybe it'll be enough if you know that, in the few hours we had together, we loved a lifetime's worth.

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [in a stolen car] Reese. Why me? Why does it want me? Kyle Reese: There was a nuclear war. A few years from now, all this, this whole place, everything, it's gone. Just gone. There were survivors. Here, there. Nobody even knew who started it. It was the machines, Sarah. Sarah Connor: I don't understand. Kyle Reese: Defense network computers. New... powerful... hooked into everything, trusted to run it all. They say it got smart, a new order of intelligence. Then it saw all people as a threat, not just the ones on the other side. Decided our fate in a microsecond: extermination. Sarah Connor: Did you see this war? Kyle Reese: No. I grew up after. In the ruins... starving... hiding from H-K's. Sarah Connor: H-K's? Kyle Reese: Hunter-Killers. Patrol machines built in automated factories. Most of us were rounded up, put in camps for orderly disposal. [pulls up his right sleeve, exposing a mark] Kyle Reese: This is burned in by laser scan. Some of us were kept alive... to work... loading bodies. The disposal units ran night and day. We were that close to going out forever. But there was one man who taught us to fight, to storm the wire of the camps, to smash those metal motherfuckers into junk. He turned it around. He brought us back from the brink. His name is Connor. John Connor. Your son, Sarah... your unborn son.

§The Terminator ¤ The Terminator: [12:46] The 12-gauge auto-loader. Pawn Shop Clerk: That's Italian. You can go pump or auto. [hands the Terminator the pump action shotgun] The Terminator: The .45 long slide, with laser sighting. Pawn Shop Clerk: [hands the Terminator a .45 gun from a glass case under the counter] These are brand new; we just got them in. That's a good gun. Just touch the trigger, the beam comes on and you put the red dot where you want the bullet to go. You can't miss. Anything else? The Terminator: Phased plasma rifle in the 40-watt range. Pawn Shop Clerk: [annoyed] Hey, just what you see, pal! The Terminator: [looks around] The Uzi nine millimeter. Pawn Shop Clerk: You know your weapons, buddy. Any one of these is ideal for home defense. So uh, which will it be? The Terminator: [pointing the 12-gage shotgun towards the door] All. Pawn Shop Clerk: I may close early today. There's a 15-day wait on the handguns, but the rifles you can take right now. [sees the Terminator load the shotgun] Pawn Shop Clerk: You can't do that. The Terminator: [pumps shotgun] Wrong! [shoots the clerk]

§The Terminator ¤ Dr. Peter Silberman: [56:24] Why didn't you bring any weapons, something more advanced? Don't you have, uh... ray guns? Show me a piece of future technology. Detective Hal Vukovich: [watching from a monitor,chuckling] Ray guns? Kyle Reese: You go naked. Something about the field generated by a living organism. Nothing dead will go. Dr. Peter Silberman: Why? Kyle Reese: I didn't build the fucking thing! Dr. Peter Silberman: Okay, okay. But this cyborg, if it's metal... Kyle Reese: Surrounded by living tissue! Dr. Peter Silberman: Oh, right, right. Dr. Peter Silberman: [shuts off the VCR screen on which the police and Sarah have been watching the interview] This is great stuff. I could make a career out of this guy! You see how clever his part is? How it doesn't require a shred of proof? Most paranoid delusions are intricate, but this is brilliant! Dr. Peter Silberman: Why were the other two women killed? Kyle Reese: Most of the records were lost in the war. Skynet knew almost nothing about Connor's mother. Her full name, where she lived. They just knew the city. The Terminator was just being systematic. Dr. Peter Silberman: Uh-huh. Well, let's go back to what I was... Kyle Reese: [interrupts] Look! You have heard enough! I have answered your questions! Now, I have to see Sarah Connor! Dr. Peter Silberman: I'm afraid that's not up to me. Kyle Reese: Then why am I talking to you? Who is in authority here? Dr. Peter Silberman: Please, I... Kyle Reese: [interrupts again] Shut up! [He glares into the camera] Kyle Reese: You still don't get it, do you? He'll find her! That's what he does! That's ALL he does! You can't stop him! He'll wade through you, reach down her throat and pull her fuckin' heart out!

§The Terminator ¤ [opening title card] Title card: The machines rose from the ashes of the nuclear fire. Their war to exterminate mankind had raged for decades, but the final battle would not be fought in the future. It would be fought here, in our present. Tonight...

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [in a motel room] Are you sure you have the right person? Kyle Reese: I'm sure. Sarah Connor: [angrily] Oh, come on. Do I look like the mother of the future? I mean am I tough, organized? I can't even balance my checkbook! Look Reese, I didn't ask for this honor and I don't WANT IT, ANY OF IT! Kyle Reese: Your son gave me a message to give to you. He made me memorize it. [reciting message] Kyle Reese: Thank you, Sarah, for your courage through the dark years. I can't help you with what you must soon face, except to say that the future is not set. You must be stronger than you imagine you can be. You must survive, or I will never exist.

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [to Sarah while driving a stolen car] I'm here to help you. I'm Reese. Sergeant Tech-Com, DN38416. Assigned to protect you. You've been targeted for termination.

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [hiding inside a cave not from the road] John Connor gave me a picture of you once. I didn't know why at the time. It was very old - torn, faded. You were young like you are now. You seemed just a little sad. I used to always wonder what you were thinking at that moment. I memorized every line, every curve... I came across time for you, Sarah. I love you; I always have.

§The Terminator ¤ [last lines while sitting in her jeep at a gas station] Sarah Connor: What did he just say? Gas Station Attendant: He said there's a storm coming in. Sarah Connor: [sighs] I know.

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [in a stolen car] The 600 series had rubber skin. We spotted them easy, but these are new. They look human... sweat, bad breath, everything. Very hard to spot. I had to wait till he moved on you before I could zero him. Sarah Connor: [frustrated] Look, I am not stupid, you know. They cannot make things like that yet. Kyle Reese: Not yet, not for about 40 years. Sarah Connor: [disbelieving] Are you saying it's from the future? Kyle Reese: One possible future. From your point of view. I don't know tech stuff. Sarah Connor: Then you're from the future, too. Is that right? Kyle Reese: Right. Sarah Connor: Right.

§The Terminator ¤ Dr. Peter Silberman: [in a interrogation room inside the police station] Why this elaborate scheme with the Terminator? Kyle Reese: It had no choice. Their defense grid was smashed. We'd won. Taking out Connor then would make no difference. Skynet had to wipe out his entire existence! Dr. Peter Silberman: Is that when you captured the lab complex and found the, uh, what was it called... the time displacement equipment? Kyle Reese: That's right. The Terminator had already gone through. Connor sent me to intercept him and they blew the whole place. Dr. Peter Silberman: Well, how are you supposed to get back? Kyle Reese: I can't. Nobody goes home. Nobody else comes through. It's just him - and me.

§The Terminator ¤ Lieutenant Ed Traxler: [inside an office inside the police station] I can hear it now. He's going be called the goddamned phone book killer. Detective Hal Vukovich: I hate these press cases, especially the weird press cases. Where you going? Lieutenant Ed Traxler: To make a statement. Maybe make these jackals work for us. If I can get on the tube by 11:00, maybe she'll call us. Well, how do I look? Detective Hal Vukovich: Like shit, boss. Lieutenant Ed Traxler: Yo momma.

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [answers the phone in Sarah and Ginger's apartment] Hello? Matt Buchanan: [sitting on a chair, seductively] First I'm gonna rip the buttons off your blouse one by one, then run my tongue down your neck to your bare, gleaming breasts. And then slowly... slowly pull your jeans off inch by inch. Sarah Connor: [starts laughing and covers the receiver with her hand] Ginger, it's Matt. Matt Buchanan: And lick your belly in circles further and further down, and then pull your panties off with my teeth. Sarah Connor: [in a serious tone] Who *is* this? Matt Buchanan: God. Sarah? Jesus. I'm Sorry. I thought you were... Can I talk to Ginger please? Sarah Connor: Sure, Bunky. Ginger Ventura: [takes the phone from Sarah] Hello? Matt Buchanan: First I'm gonna rip the buttons off your blouse one by one...

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [checks the grocery bags Kyle has brought back to the hotel room] What've we got? Moth balls, corn syrup, ammonia. What's for dinner? Kyle Reese: Plastique. Sarah Connor: That sounds good. What is it? Kyle Reese: Nitroglycerine-base; it's a bit more stable. I learned to make it when I was a kid.

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [in a stolen car, while being chased by the police and the terminator] All right, listen. The Terminator's an infiltration unit: part man, part machine. Underneath, it's a hyperalloy combat chassis, microprocessor-controlled. Fully armored; very tough. But outside, it's living human tissue: flesh, skin, hair, blood - grown for the cyborgs. Sarah Connor: Look, Reese, I don't know what you want from... Kyle Reese: Pay attention! I gotta ditch this car.

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [to the Terminator] Come on, motherfucker!

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [in a room inside the police station, while sitting on a couch] So Reese is crazy? Dr. Peter Silberman: In technical terminology: he's a loon. Lieutenant Ed Traxler: [shows a bullet-proof vest] Sarah, this is what they call body armor. Our tac guys wear these. It can stop a 12-gauge round. This other individual must have been wearing one under his coat. Feel that. Go ahead. Sarah Connor: [handed the vest, she feels it] What about when he punched through the windshield? Detective Hal Vukovich: He was probably on PCP. Broke every bone in his hand and wouldn't feel it for hours. There was this guy once, you see this scar? [Traxler interrupts him by handing him back the vest] Detective Hal Vukovich: Thank you.

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [in a stolen car] What's it like when you go through time? Kyle Reese: White light. Pain. It's like being born, maybe.

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [in a motel room] Kyle, the women in your time, what are they like? Kyle Reese: Good fighters. Sarah Connor: That's not what I meant. Was there someone special? Kyle Reese: Someone? Sarah Connor: A girl, you know. Kyle Reese: No. Never. Sarah Connor: Never? I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. So much pain. Kyle Reese: Pain can be controlled - you just disconnect it. Sarah Connor: So you feel nothing?

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [12:44] Guard it for me, big buns.

§The Terminator ¤ Detective Hal Vukovich: [Traxler comes into the office, spits his gum on the floor, and lights a cigarette while picking up a cup of coffee] That coffee's two hours cold. Lieutenant Ed Traxler: [drinking the coffee] Mm-hmm. Detective Hal Vukovich: I put a cigarette in it. Lieutenant Ed Traxler: [puts down the coffee] Did you reach the next girl yet? Detective Hal Vukovich: No, I keep getting an answering machine. Lieutenant Ed Traxler: Send a unit. Detective Hal Vukovich: I sent a unit. There's no answer to the door, and the apartment appears empty. Lieutenant Ed Traxler: Call her. Detective Hal Vukovich: I just called her! Lieutenant Ed Traxler: Call her again! [forgetting about the cigarette in his left hand] Lieutenant Ed Traxler: Give me a cigarette.

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [51:23] You're a doctor? Dr. Peter Silberman: [yawning] Criminal psychologist. Sarah Connor: Is Reese crazy? Dr. Peter Silberman: Well, that's what we're gonna find out. [clicks his pen]

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: Sleep. It'll be light soon. Sarah Connor: Okay. Talk some more. Kyle Reese: About what? Sarah Connor: About where you're from. Kyle Reese: All right. You stay down by day, but at night, you can move around. The H-K's use infrared so you still have to watch out. But they're not too bright. John taught us ways to dust them. That's when the infiltrators started to appear. The Terminators were the newest and the worst...

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [in a stolen car, while being chased by the police and the terminator] This is a mistake. I haven't done anything. Kyle Reese: No, but you will. It's very important that you live. Sarah Connor: This isn't true. How could that man just get up after you just... Kyle Reese: He's not a man - a machine. Terminator, Cyberdyne Systems Model 101. Sarah Connor: A machine? Like a robot? Kyle Reese: Not a robot. A cyborg. Cybernetic organism. Sarah Connor: No, he was bleeding. Kyle Reese: Just a second. Keep your head down!

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [awakens from a dream while hiding inside a cave not from the road] I was dreaming about dogs. Kyle Reese: We used them to spot Terminators. Sarah Connor: Your world... it's pretty terrifying.

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: [hiding inside a cave not from the road] Tell me about my son. Kyle Reese: He's about my height. He has your eyes. Sarah Connor: What's he like? Kyle Reese: You trust him. He's got a strength. I'd die for John Connor. Sarah Connor: Well... at least now I know what to name him. I don't suppose you know who the father is, so I won't tell him to get lost when I meet him? Kyle Reese: John never said much about him. I know he dies before the war. Sarah Connor: Wait. I don't want to know.

§The Terminator ¤ [Reese has just traveled back in time and appears in an alley] Derelict in Alley: [7:44] Hey, buddy, did you just see a real bright light?

§The Terminator ¤ [first lines] [the garbage truck's engine stops] Truck Driver: What the hell? Goddamn son of a bitch...

§The Terminator ¤ Sarah Connor: I'm on my break, Chuck. Carla's got my station. Nancy: Sarah, come here! It's about you. I mean, sort of. This is so incredible, You're not gonna believe this, Sit down, You are going to love this. Sarah Connor: What? TV Anchorwoman: ...has been compiled from several witnesses. Once again, Sarah Connor, thirty-five, mother of two... brutally shot to death in her home this afternoon. Nancy: You're dead, honey.

§The Terminator ¤ The Terminator: [to the passenger in the semi truck] Get out.

§The Terminator ¤ Detective Hal Vukovich: [in a room inside the police station] That guy Silberman cracks me up. Last week, he had this guy in here that burned his Afghan. He screwed it first and then he set it on fire... Lieutenant Ed Traxler: [leaning forward] Hey, shut up.

§The Terminator ¤ Ginger Ventura: [after hearing the message left on their answering machine canceling their date] That bum. So what if he has a Porsche? He can't treat you like this. It's Friday night, for Christ's sake. Sarah Connor: [slumping] I'll live. Ginger Ventura: I'll break his kneecaps.

§The Terminator ¤ Punk: [sees the Terminator who's completely naked, standing next to a telescope] Hey! What's wrong with this picture?

§The Terminator ¤ Ginger Ventura: Machines need love too!

§The Terminator ¤ Ginger Ventura: [after Sarah has a handful of mishaps at work] Look at this way: in a hundred years, who's gonna care?

§The Terminator ¤ The Terminator: [in the voice of the police officer while looking for Reese and Sarah] This is 1-L19. Westbound on Olympic approaching Overland.

§The Terminator ¤ Detective Hal Vukovich: [referring to Reese in a room inside the police station] Come on, Ed. That was loon talk. The guy's a wacko, right? Lieutenant Ed Traxler: [quietly] He'd better be.

§The Terminator ¤ Phone Booth Man: Hey man, you got a serious attitude problem. [a man, off camera, tells the Terminator who had just pulled him out of a telephone booth, while he was talking to someone on the phone]

§The Terminator ¤ Derelict in Alley: That son-of-a-bitch took my pants.

§The Terminator ¤ Ginger Ventura: [after being startled by Sarah's pet Iguana] Shoo! Go on! Gonna make a belt out of you!

§The Terminator ¤ Dr. Peter Silberman: [52:57] So, you're a soldier? Fighting for whom? Kyle Reese: The 132nd under Perry. From '21 to '27. Dr. Peter Silberman: That's the year 2027?

§The Terminator ¤ Kyle Reese: [1:20:17] Pain can be controlled. You just disconnect it.

§The Terminator ¤ Terminator: [1:17:02] Give me your address there.

§Jai Bhim ¤ Chandru: I don't believe in luck, sir. I believe in truth.

§Jai Bhim ¤ Senggeni: Parvathi Ammal is the true name

§Jai Bhim ¤ Chandru: Beyond words of support to justice, the court's silence towards injustice is more dangerous.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: You can never replace anyone because everyone is made up of such beautiful specific details.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: [Celine's song] Let me sing you a waltz / Out of nowhere, out of my thoughts / Let me sing you a waltz / About this one night stand / You were, for me, that night / Everything I always dreamt of in life / But now you're gone / You are far gone / All the way to your island of rain / It was for you just a one night thing / But you were much more to me, just so you know / I don't care what they say / I know what you meant for me that day / I just want another try, I just want another night / Even if it doesn't seem quite right / You meant for me much more than anyone I've met before / One single night with you, little Jesse, is worth a thousand with anybody / I have no bitterness, my sweet / I'll never forget this one night thing / Even tomorrow in other arms, my heart will stay yours until I die / Let me sing you a waltz / Out of nowhere, out of my blues / Let me sing you a waltz / About this lovely one night stand

§Before Sunset ¤ [last lines] Celine: Baby, you are gonna miss that plane. Jesse: I know.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Even being alone it's better than sitting next to your lover and feeling lonely.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: You know, I think that book that I wrote, in a way, was like building something. So that I wouldn't forget the... details of the time that we spent together. You know, like just a reminder that... that once we really did meet! You know, that this was real! That this happened! Celine: Celine: I'm happy you're saying that, because... I mean, I always feel like a freak, because I'm never able to move on like... this! You know. People just have an affair, or even entire relationships... they break up and they forget! They move on like they would have changed brand of cereals! I feel I was never able to forget anyone I've been with. Because each person have... their own, specific qualities. You can never replace anyone. What is lost is lost. Each relationship, when it ends, really damages me. I never fully recover. That's why I'm very careful with getting involved, because... It hurts too much! Even getting laid! I actually don't do that... I will miss on the other person the most mundane things. Like I'm obsessed with little things. Maybe I'm crazy, but... when I was a little girl, my mom told me that I was always late to school. One day she followed me to see why. I was looking at chestnuts falling from the trees, rolling on the sidewalk, or... ants crossing the road, the way a leaf casts a shadow on a tree trunk... Little things. I think it's the same with people. I see in them little details, so specific to each of them, that move me, and that I miss, and... will always miss. You can never replace anyone, because everyone is made of such beautiful specific details. Like I remember the way, your beard has a bit of red in it. And how the sun was making it glow, that... that morning, right before you left. I remember that, and... I missed it! I'm really crazy, right?

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: Oh, God, why didn't we exchange phone numbers and stuff? Why didn't we do that? Celine: Because we were young and stupid. Jesse: Do you think we still are? Celine: I guess when you're young, you just believe there'll be many people with whom you'll connect with. Later in life, you realize it only happens a few times. Jesse: And you can screw it up, you know, misconnect.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Memory is a wonderful thing if you don't have to deal with the past.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: In the months leading up to my wedding, I was thinking about you all the time. I mean, even on my way there; I'm in the car, a buddy of mine is driving me downtown and I'm staring out the window, and I think I see you, not far from the church, right? Folding up an umbrella and walking into a deli on the corner of 13th and Broadway. And I thought I was going crazy, but now I think it probably was you. Celine: I lived on 11th and Broadway. Jesse: You see?

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Men go out with me, we break up and then they get married. And later they call me to thank me for teaching them what love is. That I tought them to care and respect women. Jesse: I think I'm one of those guys. Celine: I wanna kill them! Why didn't they ask me to marry them? I would've said no, but at least they could have asked.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: I see it in the people that do the real work, and what's sad in a way is that the people that are the most giving, hardworking, and capable of making this world better, usually don't have the ego and ambition to be a leader.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: Life's hard. It's supposed to be. If we didn't suffer, we'd never learn anything.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: I feel like if someone were to touch me, I'd dissolve into molecules.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: So, I want to try something. Jesse: What? Celine: [hugs him] I want to see if you stay together or if you dissolve into molecules. Jesse: How'm I doing? Celine: Still here. Jesse: Good, I like being here.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: The concept is absurd. The idea that we can only be complete with another person is evil! Right?

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: I was having this awful nightmare that I was 32. And then I woke up and I was 23. So relieved. And then I woke up for real, and I was 32.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: Oh, God, why weren't you there, in Vienna? Celine: I told you why. Jesse: Well, I know why, I just - I wish you would have been. Our lives might have been so much different. Celine: You think so? Jesse: I actually do. Celine: Maybe not. Maybe, we would have hated each other eventually. Jesse: Oh what, like we hate each other now? Celine: You know, maybe we're - we're only good at brief encounters, walking around in European cities in warm climate.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: You want to know why I wrote that stupid book? Celine: Why? Jesse: So that you might come to a reading in Paris and I could walk up to you and ask, "Where the fuck were you?" Celine: [laughing] No - you thought I'd be here today? Jesse: I'm serious. I think I wrote it, in a way, to try to find you. Celine: Okay, that's - I know that's not true, but that's sweet of you to say. Jesse: I think it is true.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Do you think you would have finished your book if you were fucking someone every five minutes? Jesse: I might have welcomed the challenge.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: Do you have kids? Celine: Yes, two - [gasps] Celine: Shit! Jesse: What? Celine: I left them in the car! With the windows rolled up! It was six months ago! Think they're okay? [laughs]

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Do I look any different? [long pause] Celine: I do? Jesse: I'd have to see you naked.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: They enjoy the goal but not the process. But the reality of it is that the true work of improving things is in the little achievements of the day.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: [about his marriage] I feel like I'm running a small nursery with someone I used to date.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: Maybe what I'm saying is, is the world might be evolving the way a person evolves. Right? Like, I mean, me for example. Am I getting worse? Am I improving? I don't know. When I was younger, I was healthier, but I was, uh, whacked with insecurity, you know? Now I'm older and my problems are deeper, but I'm more equipped to handle them.

§Before Sunset ¤ [first lines] Journalist #1: Do you consider the book to be autobiographical? Jesse: Uh, well, I mean... isn't everything autobiographical?

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: What do you think were the chances of us ever meeting again? Celine: After that December, I'd say almost zero. But we're not real anyway, right? We're just, uh, characters in that old lady's dream. She's on her deathbed, fantasizing about her youth. So of course we had to meet again.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: So what kind of songs do you write? I didn't know you did that. Celine: What kind? Jesse: Yeah, sure. Celine: I don't know, just songs. Jesse: Like? Celine: Like, some are about, you know, people, uh, relationships. One's about my cat. Jesse: Sing one. Celine: No, I can't, I don't have a guitar. Jesse: Oh, co- come on. A cappella. Celine: No, no, no. I'm not singing a song without a guitar. You're nuts! Jesse: Why not? It's... Celine: No, okay. Not now. No. Jesse: One. Celine: No. Jesse: If not now, when? Wanna meet here in six months with a guitar? You know, I'll fly all the way over here, you may or may not make the metro... Celine: [laughing] Okay, that's funny.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: So what's it like to be married? You haven't talked much about that. Jesse: I haven't? How weird.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: There are so many things I want to do, but I end up doing not much.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: I heard this story once about when the Germans were occupying Paris and they had to retreat back. They wired Notre Dame to blow, but they had to leave one guy in charge of hitting the switch. And the guy, the soldier, he couldn't do it. You know, he just sat there, knocked out by how beautiful the place was. And then when the allied troops came in, they found all the explosives just lying there and the switch unturned, and they found the same thing at Sacre Couer, Eiffel Tower. Couple other places I think... Celine: Is that true? Jesse: I don't know. I always liked the story, though.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: I have this idea of my best self, and I wanted to pursue that even if it might have been overriding my honest self.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: I'm designed to feel slightly dissatisfied!

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Memories are wonderful things, if you don't have to deal with the past.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: The past is the past. It was meant to be that way. Jesse: What, you really believe that? That everything's fated? Celine: Well, you know, the world might be less free than we think. Jesse: Yeah? Celine: Yeah, when given these exact circumstances, that's what will happen every time: two part hydrogen, one part oxygen, you get water every time. Jesse: No, no, I - I - I mean what if your grandmother had lived a week longer, or, you know, or passed away a week earlier, days even. You know things might have been different. I believe that. Celine: You can't think like that, it's... Jesse: No, I mean, I know you shouldn't on most things, but - It's just, on this one it seemed like something was off, you know?

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: I love my kitty! Jesse: What's his name? Celine: Che. Jesse: Che? Celine: Mmm hmm. Jesse: Uh huh... Celine: What? Jesse: Commie.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Were you there in Vienna, in December?

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: At least now we don't have to pretend that each new sexual experience is a life-altering event. Celine: I know. By now, you know, you've stuck it in so many places, it's like about to fall off. Jesse: Yeah, you know, and I can't realistically expect that you've become anything but a total ho, at this point. Celine: Yeah, thank you.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: One night I heard some noise on my fire excape, so I called 911. And the cops came eventually... Jesse: Yeah like three hours later. Celine: [laughing] Yeah, after I had been raped and killed about 10 times.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: It's amazing what perverts we've become in the past nine years.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: Tell him to pick you up at Quai Henri Quatre. Jesse: Oh, shit. K-kay... Celine: Henri Quatre. Quai... Jesse: K-k-k... Celine: Henri Quatre. Jesse: [laughing] On... Celine: What's wrong with you? No, do you want be to - Henri Quatre. Jesse: Henry Four? Celine: Yes. Jesse: Come one, why didn't you say so. Celine: [laughing] I'm sorry, okay?

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: Do you believe in, like... ghosts or spirits? Celine: Uhm, no. Jesse: No? Celine: No. Jesse: Ok, what about reincarnation? Celine: Not at all. Jesse: God? Celine: No. [Both Laugh] Celine: That sounds... that sounds terrible. No, no, no. But, at the same time I don't wanna be one of those people that don't believe in any kind of magic, you know? Jesse: So then, astrology. Celine: Yes, of course! Jesse: There we go, right! Celine: I mean, that makes sense, right? You're a Scorpio, I'm a Sag, so we get along.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: In the moment I remember thinking that it didn't much matter the "Who" of it all. Nobody is gonna be everything to you, and that ultimately it's just a simple action of committing yourself, meeting your responsibilities that matters.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: You can never replace anyone because everyone is made up of such beautiful specific details.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: You realize that most of the people that you meet are trying to get somewhere better, they're trying to make a little bit more cash, trying to get a little more respect, have more people admire them. It's just exhausting.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: What is love, if it's not respect, trust, admiration? And I felt all those things. So cut to the present tense: I feel like I'm running a small nursery with somebody I used to date.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: There's gotta be something more to love than commitment.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: I see it in the people that do the real work, and what's sad in a way is that the people that are the most giving, hardworking, and capable of making this world better, usually don't have the ego and ambition to be a leader.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: Okay, I realize there are a lot of serious problems in the world. Celine: Okay, thank you. Jesse: Okay. I mean, I don't even have one publisher in the whole Asian market.

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: [describing how she looks different] Skinnier, I think. A little thinner. Celine: Did you think I was fat before? Jesse: [laughing] No! Celine: Yeah, you thought I was a fatty. No, you thought I was a fatty! Yeah, you, you wrote a book about a fat French girl! Jesse: No, listen... Celine: [laughing] Oh, no... Jesse: Seriously, all right, you look beautiful.

§Before Sunset ¤ Celine: An imperialist country can use that kind of thinking to justify their economic greed, you know. I - human rights... Jesse: Is there any particular imperialist country you have in mind, there, Frenchie? Celine: Mmm, no, not really...

§Before Sunset ¤ Jesse: I don't have any permanent place here. You know, in eternity, or whatever. And the more I think that, I can't go through life saying that this is no big deal. I mean, this is it! This is actually happening. What do you think is interesting, what do you think is funny, what do you think is important? You know, every day is our last.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: A wise man can learn more from his enemies than a fool from his friends.

§Rush ¤ [last lines] Niki Lauda: Of course he didn't listen to me. For James, one world title was enough. He had proved what he needed to prove. To himself and anyone who doubted him. And two years later, he retired. When I saw him next in London, seven years later, me as a champion again, him as broadcaster, he was barefoot on a bicycle with a flat tire, still living each day like his last. When I heard he died age 45 of a heart attack, I wasn't surprised. I was just sad. People always think of us as rivals but he was among the very few I liked and even fewer that I respected. He remains the only person I envied.

§Rush ¤ [Hunt enters Lauda's garage and sees the extent of the burn injuries to his head] Niki Lauda: It's that bad, huh? James Hunt: [Shrugs] No. Niki Lauda: In hospital, I asked them straight, no bullshit, how bad my appearance would be. They said in time, it would be fine. But it won't. [Approaches Hunt] Niki Lauda: I can tell, seeing your reaction. I will spend the rest of my life with a face that frightens people. James Hunt: You know, Niki, I tried to write you a letter at the time, to apologize. The drivers' meeting in Germany, before the race, I swayed the room. Niki Lauda: Yes, you did. James Hunt: That race should never have gone ahead. Niki Lauda: No, it shouldn't. James Hunt: So in many ways, I feel responsible for what happened, and... Niki Lauda: You were. [pause] Niki Lauda: But trust me... watching you win those races while I was fighting for my life, you were equally responsible for getting me back in the car. [Lauda walks away]

§Rush ¤ James Hunt: The closer you are to death, the more alive you feel. It's a wonderful way to live. It's the only way to drive.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: [Testing his Ferrari at Fiorano] It's terrible. Drives like a pig. Lauda's Mechanic: [Offended] Oh, you can't say that. Niki Lauda: Why not? Lauda's Mechanic: It's a Ferrari! Niki Lauda: It's a shitbox! It under-steers like crazy and the weight distribution is a disaster. It's amazing - all these facilities, and you make a piece of crap like this.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: Happiness is your biggest enemy. It weakens you. Puts doubts in your mind. Suddenly you have something to lose.

§Rush ¤ [Following Lauda's press conference, Hunt approaches the British journalist that offended Lauda] British Journalish: James, are you all right? James Hunt: Good, yeah. Listen, I think I've got something for you on that last question, about Niki. British Journalish: You heard about that? James Hunt: I did. [Hunt shoves the journalist into the maintenance room] British Journalish: James... [Hunt punches the journalist in the stomach and closes the door before proceeding to punch him in the face and shove him to the ground] British Journalish: Please, James... [Hunt grabs the journalist's tape recorder and stuffs it between his mouth] James Hunt: Now go home to your wife and ask her how you look. [Hunt punches the tape recorder on the journalist's face before he walks away] James Hunt: Prick.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: When do you start testing? Next week? James Hunt: No. What, are you nuts? I didn't just win the biggest thing in my life so I could get right back to work. Niki Lauda: Why? You have to. To prove to all the people who will always say you just won it because... James Hunt: Because of what? Because of your accident? Niki, is that other people, or is that you? I won, okay? On the all-important day, when it came down to it, we raced on equal terms, equally good cars. And I put my life on the line, and I saw it through. Niki Lauda: And you call that winning? James Hunt: Yes. Niki Lauda: The risks were totally unacceptable. You were prepared to die. To me, that's losing. James Hunt: Yes, I was. I admit it. I was prepared to die to beat you that day. And that's the effect you have on me. You'd pushed me that far. And it felt great. I mean, hell, isn't that we're in this for? To stare death in the face, and to cheat it? Come on, there's nobility in that. It's... it's like being knights. Niki Lauda: You English, you're such assholes. You know my position. Twenty percent risk. James Hunt: No, no, no, Niki, don't bring the percentages into this. Don't be a pro. The minute you do that, you kill what's good about this. You kill the sport. [Long pause, before James' party calls him from his plane] James Hunt: I've got to go. [points at Lauda's plane as he walks away] James Hunt: Careful with this thing. Niki Lauda: James. [Hunt stops] Niki Lauda: You know, in hospital, the toughest part of my treatment was the vacuum. Pumping the shit out of my lungs. It was hell. And while doing it, I was watching television. You winning all my points. James Hunt: Your points? Niki Lauda: 'That bastard Hunt,' I would say. 'I hate that guy.' And then one day, the doctor came and said, 'Mr. Lauda, may I offer a piece of advice? Stop thinking of it as a curse to have been given an enemy in life. It can be a blessing, too. A wise man gets more from his enemies than a fool from his friends.' And you know what? He was right. Look at us. We were both a pair of kids when we met. Hot-headed jerks in Formula 3. Disowned by our families. Headed nowhere. And now, we're both champions of the world. It was not bad, huh? James Hunt: No, it's not bad. Niki Lauda: So don't let me down now. I need you busting my balls. Get back to work. James Hunt: I will, Niki, I will. But I intend to enjoy myself first. Some of life needs to be for pleasure. What's the point of having a million cups and medals and planes if you don't have any fun? How is that winning? [Hunt's party calls him again] James Hunt: I'll see you on race day, champ. Niki Lauda: You will, champ. James Hunt: You look good, Niki. The only guy to have his face burnt off and it be an improvement. [Lauda gives Hunt the finger as Hunt smiles back and walks toward his party]

§Rush ¤ Marlene Lauda: When you call happiness an enemy, then it's too late. Then you've already lost.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: Happiness is the enemy.

§Rush ¤ Lord Hesketh: Men love women, but even more than that, men love cars.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: I accept every time I get in my car there is a 20% chance I could die, and I can live with it, but not 1% more.

§Rush ¤ [first lines] Niki Lauda: Twenty five drivers start every season in Formula One, and each year two of us die. What kind of person does a job like this? Not normal men, for sure. Rebels, lunatics, dreamers. People who are that desperate to make a mark, and are prepared to die trying. My name is Niki Lauda, and racing people know me for two things. The first is my rivalry with him. [James Hunt] Niki Lauda: I don't know why it became such a big thing. We were just drivers busting each other's balls. To me this is perfectly normal, but other people saw in differently. That whatever it was between us went deeper. The other thing I'm remembered for is what happened on 1st August 1976, when I was chasing him like an asshole...

§Rush ¤ Italian Journalist: How are you feeling, Niki? Niki Lauda: Fine. American Journalist: Niki, can you confirm to us exactly which procedures you've had and the expectations for your recovery? Niki Lauda: Sure. I had a skin graft operation, where they put half my right thigh in my face. Now it doesn't look too good, but one unexpected advantage is it's impossible to perspire through a skin graft, so sweat will never run into my eyes again, which is good for a driver. [laughter from the journalists] Spanish Journalist: [Raises hand] When they heard about your condition, Ferrari immediately hired a replacement driver, Carlos Reutemann. Niki Lauda: Yeah. Before even reaching the hospital. German Journalist: Is Reutemann driving today, too? Niki Lauda: Yes, and keen to make an impression. So let's see where Mr. Reutemann finishes and where I finish today. American Journalist: James Hunt and McLaren have caught up a lot while you were away. Niki Lauda: Yes. So is there a question now, or are you just trying to piss me off? [laughter from the journalists] German Journalist: Do you still think you can win? Niki Lauda: Yes, of course. I have the better car. And possibly I'm the better driver. But he's a clever guy, and he's used his time well while I was lying half-dead in hospital... to win some points. British Journalish: And what did your wife say when she saw your face? [Lauda pauses] Niki Lauda: She said, 'Sweetie, you don't need a face to drive. You just need a right foot.' [laughter from the journalists] British Journalish: I'm being serious. Do you really think your marriage can survive with the way you look now? Niki Lauda: And I'm being serious, too. [Points at British journalist] Niki Lauda: Fuck you. Press conference over. [Lauda gets up angrily and storms his way out of the press conference]

§Rush ¤ James Hunt: I have a theory why women like racing drivers... It's not because they respect what we do, driving round and round in circles. Mostly they think that's pathetic and they're probably right. It's our closeness to death. You see the closer you are to death the more alive you feel, the more alive you are. They can see that in you they feel that in you. My name is James Hunt. My father is a stock broker, my sister is a barrister, and my brother is an accountant, and I... well I do this. It's a wonderful way to live, it's the only way to drive, as if each day is your last.

§Rush ¤ James Hunt: I tend to enjoy myself first. The sum of life needs to be pleasure. What's the point of having a million of medals, cups and planes if you don't have any fun? And how is that winning?

§Rush ¤ Suzy Miller: [talking about the safety of a 1970's F1 car] Why don't they make it safer? James Hunt: The risk of death turns people on.

§Rush ¤ Marlene Lauda: Who are you, should I know you? Giovanni: What, you don't know? He's Niki Lauda: Formula One driver and he just signed with Ferrari. Marlene Lauda: Him? Giovanni, Andrea Italian Passenger: Yes! Marlene Lauda: Impossible. Giovanni: [Surprised] Why? Marlene Lauda: You know, Formula One drivers. They have long hair, are sexy and their shirts are open to here. Niki Lauda: Thank you. Marlene Lauda: Yes? Anyway, look at they way he's driving like an old man. Niki Lauda: There's no need to drive fast, it just increases the percentage of risk. We're not in a hurry, I'm not being paid. Right now, with zero incentive or reward, why would I drive fast? Marlene Lauda: [whispers] Because I'm asking you to. [long pause] Niki Lauda: [speaking in German] Do you always get what you want? Marlene Lauda: [speaking in German] Ja. Usually.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: Your fan belt is loose. Marlene Lauda: My what? Niki Lauda: And when you brake your foot goes all the way down, which means there's air in the system. Marlene Lauda: Anything else? Niki Lauda: No... Apart from the rear brakes are worn out, the front right tire's a but soft, which explains why you're weaving so much. Marlene Lauda: How can you tell? Niki Lauda: My ass. Marlene Lauda: Sorry? Niki Lauda: God gave me an okay mind, but a really good ass, which can feel everything in a car.

§Rush ¤ James Hunt: That wind you can feel is me breathing down your neck. Next time, I'll have you.

§Rush ¤ [Hunt runs to the hangar to meet up with Lauda, who is circling around a private jet] James Hunt: Niki. Good to see you. [shakes hands with Lauda] James Hunt: [Lauda walks around the jet] James Hunt: I heard you were spending more and more time in one of these. Niki Lauda: Do you fly? James Hunt: No. I don't think they'd insure me. Niki Lauda: You should try. It's good for discipline. You have to stay within the rules, stick with regulations, suppress the ego. It helps with the racing. James Hunt: And there I was thinking you were about to wax lyrical about the romance of flight. Niki Lauda: No, that's all bullshit. So what brings you here? James Hunt: A friend's wedding. At least I think it was a wedding. Might have been a birthday or something. It's all a bit of a blur. How about you? Haven't you been at Fiorano? Niki Lauda: Pre-season testing. James Hunt: You're relentless. Niki Lauda: Thank you. James Hunt: I'm not sure that was meant as a compliment.

§Rush ¤ Niki Lauda: [subtitled] I should warn you, I'm not going to be any good at this. "Bringing flowers" and "holding hands". I'll probably forget your birthday. But if I'm going to do this with anyone, it might as well be you. Marlene Lauda: [subtitled] My God, a poet!

§Rush ¤ Suzy Miller: He only wanted to show me his pride and joy. Rhymes with "boy", if you ask me. And "toy". God, it's so flimsy, for something that costs so much. There's no comfort, no protection, nothing. James Hunt: No, it's just a little coffin, really. Surrounded by high-octane fuel, in here. Being driven round 170 miles per hour. To all intents and purposes, this thing's a bomb on wheels.

§Rush ¤ James Hunt: Yes, it's very simple! Hunt, it rhymes with cunt, which is a word that happens to describe you *perfectly*!

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: I don't have to tell you things are bad. Everybody knows things are bad. It's a depression. Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job. The dollar buys a nickel's worth, banks are going bust, shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter. Punks are running wild in the street and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do, and there's no end to it. We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat, and we sit watching our TVs while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be. We know things are bad - worse than bad. They're crazy. It's like everything everywhere is going crazy, so we don't go out anymore. We sit in the house, and slowly the world we are living in is getting smaller, and all we say is, 'Please, at least leave us alone in our living rooms. Let me have my toaster and my TV and my steel-belted radials and I won't say anything. Just leave us alone.' Well, I'm not gonna leave you alone. I want you to get mad! I don't want you to protest. I don't want you to riot - I don't want you to write to your congressman because I wouldn't know what to tell you to write. I don't know what to do about the depression and the inflation and the Russians and the crime in the street. All I know is that first you've got to get mad. You've got to say, 'I'm a HUMAN BEING, God damn it! My life has VALUE!' So I want you to get up now. I want all of you to get up out of your chairs. I want you to get up right now and go to the window. Open it, and stick your head out, and yell, 'I'M AS MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE!' I want you to get up right now, sit up, go to your windows, open them and stick your head out and yell - 'I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!' Things have got to change. But first, you've gotta get mad!... You've got to say, 'I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!' Then we'll figure out what to do about the depression and the inflation and the oil crisis. But first get up out of your chairs, open the window, stick your head out, and yell, and say it: "I'M AS MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE!"

§Network ¤ Arthur Jensen: You have meddled with the primal forces of nature, Mr. Beale, and I won't have it! Is that clear? You think you've merely stopped a business deal. That is not the case! The Arabs have taken billions of dollars out of this country, and now they must put it back! It is ebb and flow, tidal gravity! It is ecological balance! You are an old man who thinks in terms of nations and peoples. There are no nations. There are no peoples. There are no Russians. There are no Arabs. There are no third worlds. There is no West. There is only one holistic system of systems, one vast and immane, interwoven, interacting, multivariate, multinational dominion of dollars. Petro-dollars, electro-dollars, multi-dollars, reichmarks, rins, rubles, pounds, and shekels. It is the international system of currency which determines the totality of life on this planet. That is the natural order of things today. That is the atomic and subatomic and galactic structure of things today! And YOU have meddled with the primal forces of nature, and YOU... WILL... ATONE! Am I getting through to you, Mr. Beale? You get up on your little twenty-one inch screen and howl about America and democracy. There is no America. There is no democracy. There is only IBM, and ITT, and AT&T, and DuPont, Dow, Union Carbide, and Exxon. Those are the nations of the world today. What do you think the Russians talk about in their councils of state, Karl Marx? They get out their linear programming charts, statistical decision theories, minimax solutions, and compute the price-cost probabilities of their transactions and investments, just like we do. We no longer live in a world of nations and ideologies, Mr. Beale. The world is a college of corporations, inexorably determined by the immutable bylaws of business. The world is a business, Mr. Beale. It has been since man crawled out of the slime. And our children will live, Mr. Beale, to see that... perfect world... in which there's no war or famine, oppression or brutality. One vast and ecumenical holding company, for whom all men will work to serve a common profit, in which all men will hold a share of stock. All necessities provided, all anxieties tranquilized, all boredom amused. And I have chosen you, Mr. Beale, to preach this evangel. Howard Beale: Why me? Arthur Jensen: Because you're on television, dummy. Sixty million people watch you every night of the week, Monday through Friday. Howard Beale: I have seen the face of God. Arthur Jensen: You just might be right, Mr. Beale.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: [laughing to himself] But, man, you're never going to get any truth from us. We'll tell you anything you want to hear; we lie like hell. We'll tell you that, uh, Kojak always gets the killer, or that nobody ever gets cancer at Archie Bunker's house, and no matter how much trouble the hero is in, don't worry, just look at your watch; at the end of the hour he's going to win. We'll tell you any shit you want to hear. We deal in *illusions*, man! None of it is true! But you people sit there, day after day, night after night, all ages, colors, creeds... We're all you know. You're beginning to believe the illusions we're spinning here. You're beginning to think that the tube is reality, and that your own lives are unreal. You do whatever the tube tells you! You dress like the tube, you eat like the tube, you raise your children like the tube, you even *think* like the tube! This is mass madness, you maniacs! In God's name, you people are the real thing! *WE* are the illusion! So turn off your television sets. Turn them off now. Turn them off right now. Turn them off and leave them off! Turn them off right in the middle of the sentence I'm speaking to you now! TURN THEM OFF... [collapses in a prophetic swoon as the audience erupts in thunderous applause]

§Network ¤ [last lines] Narrator: This was the story of Howard Beale: The first known instance of a man who was killed because he had lousy ratings.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: Hi. I'm Diana Christensen, a racist lackey of the imperialist ruling circles. Laureen Hobbs: I'm Laureen Hobbs, a badass commie nigger. Diana Christensen: Sounds like the basis of a firm friendship.

§Network ¤ Louise Schumacher: Then get out! Go anywhere you want, go to a hotel, go live with her, but don't come back. Because after twenty-five years of building a home and raising a family and all the senseless pain that we have inflicted on each other, I'm damned if I'm going to stand here and have you tell me you're in love with somebody else. Because this isn't a convention weekend with your secretary, is it? Or - or some broad that you picked up after three belts of booze. This is your great winter romance, isn't it? Your last roar of passion before you settle into your emeritus years. Is that what's left for me? Is that my share? She gets the winter passion, and I get the dotage? What am I supposed to do? Am I supposed to sit home knitting and purling while you slink back like some penitent drunk? I'm your wife, damn it. And if you can't work up a winter passion for me, the least I require is respect and allegiance. I hurt, don't you understand that? I hurt badly.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: I want you to go to the window, open it, stick your head out and yell: "I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore."

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: I'm sorry for all those things I said to you last night. You're not the worst fuck I ever had. Believe me, I've had worse. You don't puff or snorkel and make death-like rattles. As a matter of fact, you're rather serene in the sack. Max Schumacher: Why is it that a woman always thinks that the most savage thing she can say to a man is to impugn his cocksmanship. Diana Christensen: I'm sorry I impugned your cocksmanship. Max Schumacher: I gave up comparing genitals back in the schoolyard.

§Network ¤ Max Schumacher: You need me. You need me badly. Because I'm your last contact with human reality. I love you. And that painful, decaying love is the only thing between you and the shrieking nothingness you live the rest of the day. Diana Christensen: [hesitatingly] Then, don't leave me. Max Schumacher: It's too late, Diana. There's nothing left in you that I can live with. You're one of Howard's humanoids. If I stay with you, I'll be destroyed. Like Howard Beale was destroyed. Like Laureen Hobbs was destroyed. Like everything you and the institution of television touch is destroyed. You're television incarnate, Diana: Indifferent to suffering; insensitive to joy. All of life is reduced to the common rubble of banality. War, murder, death are all the same to you as bottles of beer. And the daily business of life is a corrupt comedy. You even shatter the sensations of time and space into split seconds and instant replays. You're madness, Diana. Virulent madness. And everything you touch dies with you. But not me. Not as long as I can feel pleasure, and pain... and love. [Kisses her] Max Schumacher: And it's a happy ending: Wayward husband comes to his senses, returns to his wife, with whom he has established a long and sustaining love. Heartless young woman left alone in her arctic desolation. Music up with a swell; final commercial. And here are a few scenes from next week's show. [Picks up his suitcases and leaves]

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: Right now, there is a whole, an entire generation that never knew anything that didn't come out of this tube. This tube is the gospel, the ultimate revelation; this tube can make or break presidents, popes, prime ministers; this tube is the most awesome goddamn propaganda force in the whole godless world, and woe is us if it ever falls into the hands of the wrong people, and that's why woe is us that Edward George Ruddy died. Because this company is now in the hands of CCA, the Communications Corporation of America; there's a new chairman of the board, a man called Frank Hackett, sitting in Mr. Ruddy's office on the twentieth floor. And when the 12th largest company in the world controls the most awesome goddamn propaganda force in the whole godless world, who knows what shit will be peddled for truth on this network?

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: Good evening. Today is Wednesday, September the 24th, and this is my last broadcast. Yesterday I announced on this program that I was going to commit public suicide, admittedly an act of madness. Well, I'll tell you what happened: I just ran out of bullshit. Am I still on the air? I really don't know any other way to say it other than I just ran out of bullshit. Bullshit is all the reasons we give for living. And if we can't think up any reasons of our own, we always have the God bullshit. We don't know why we're going through all this pointless pain, humiliation, decays, so there better be someone somewhere who does know. That's the God bullshit. And then, there's the noble man bullshit; that man is a noble creature that can order his own world; who needs God? Well, if there's anybody out there that can look around this demented slaughterhouse of a world we live in and tell me that man is a noble creature, believe me: That man is full of bullshit. I don't have anything going for me. I haven't got any kids. And I was married for thirty-three years of shrill, shrieking fraud. So I don't have any bullshit left. I just ran out of it, you see.

§Network ¤ Doorman: Good afternoon, Mr. Beale. Howard Beale: I MUST MAKE MY WITNESS. Doorman: Sure thing, Mr. Beale.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: Well Max, here we are: Middle-aged man reaffirming his middle-aged manhood, and a terrified young woman with a father complex. What sort of script do you think we can make out of this?

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: [on the air] I just ran out of bullshit. Harry Hunter: [picks up ringing phone in editing room] Mr. Schumacher's right here, do you want to talk to him? Howard Beale: Bullshit is all the reasons we give for living. If we can't think up reasons of our own, we always have the God bullshit. Max Schumacher: [on the phone] Yeah, Tom, what is it? Howard Beale: We don't know why we go through all this pointless pain, humiliation, and decay. So there better be someone somewhere who *does* know. That's the God bullshit. Max Schumacher: He's saying that life is bullshit, and it is, so what are you screaming about? [hangs up]

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: [arms outstretched to the heavens] Edward George Ruddy died today! Edward George Ruddy was the Chairman of the Board of the Union Broadcasting Systems, and he died at eleven o'clock this morning of a heart condition, and woe is us! We're in a lot of trouble! Howard Beale: [calmly strolling toward the audience] So. A rich little man with white hair died. What has that got to do with the price of rice, right? And *why* is that woe to us? Because you people, and sixty-two million other Americans, are listening to me right now. Because less than three percent of you people read books! Because less than fifteen percent of you read newspapers! Because the only truth you know is what you get over this tube. Right now, there is a whole, an entire generation that never knew anything that didn't come out of this tube! This tube is the Gospel, the ultimate revelation. This tube can make or break presidents, popes, prime ministers... This tube is the most awesome God-damned force in the whole godless world, and woe is us if it ever falls in to the hands of the wrong people, and that's why woe is us that Edward George Ruddy died. Because this company is now in the hands of CCA - the Communication Corporation of America. There's a new Chairman of the Board, a man called Frank Hackett, sitting in Mr. Ruddy's office on the twentieth floor. And when the twelfth largest company in the world controls the most awesome God-damned propoganda force in the whole godless world, who knows what shit will be peddled for truth on this network? Howard Beale: [ascending the stage] So, you listen to me. Listen to me: Television is not the truth! Television is a God-damned amusement park! Television is a circus, a carnival, a traveling troupe of acrobats, storytellers, dancers, singers, jugglers, side-show freaks, lion tamers, and football players. We're in the boredom-killing business! So if you want the truth... Go to God! Go to your gurus! Go to yourselves! Because that's the only place you're ever going to find any real truth.

§Network ¤ Max Schumacher: I'm the man that you presumably love. I'm a part of your life. I live here. I'm real. You can't switch to another station. Diana Christensen: Well, what exactly is it you want me to do? Max Schumacher: I just want you to love me. I just want you to love me, primal doubts and all. You understand that, don't you? Diana Christensen: [weakly] I don't know how to do that.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: Look, I sent you all a concept analysis report yesterday. Did any of you read it? [Aides stare blankly at her] Diana Christensen: Well, in a nutshell, it said: "The American people are turning sullen. They've been clobbered on all sides by Vietnam, Watergate, the inflation, the depression; they've turned off, shot up, and they've fucked themselves limp, and nothing helps." So, this concept analysis report concludes, "The American people want somebody to articulate their rage for them." I've been telling you people since I took this job six months ago that I want angry shows. I don't want conventional programming on this network. I want counterculture, I want anti-establishment. I don't want to play butch boss with you people, but when I took over this department, it had the worst programming record in television history. This network hasn't one show in the top twenty. This network is an industry joke, and we'd better start putting together one winner for next September. I want a show developed based on the activities of a terrorist group, "Joseph Stalin and His Merry Band of Bolsheviks," I want ideas from you people. This is what you're paid for. And by the way, the next time I send an audience research report around, you'd all better read it, or I'll sack the fucking lot of you. Is that clear?

§Network ¤ Max Schumacher: Howard, I'm taking you off the air. I think you're having a breakdown, require treatment. Howard Beale: This is not a psychotic episode. This is a cleansing moment of clarity. I'm imbued, Max. I'm imbued with some special spirit. It's not a religious feeling at all. It's a shocking eruption of great electrical energy. I feel vivid and flashing, as if suddenly I'd been plugged into some great electromagnetic field. I feel connected to all living things. To flowers, birds, all the animals of the world. And even to some great, unseen, living force. What I think the Hindus call prana. But it's not a breakdown. I've never felt more orderly in my life. It is a shattering and beautiful sensation. It is the exalted flow of the space-time continuum, save that it is spaceless and timeless and... of such loveliness. I feel on the verge of some great, ultimate truth. And you will not take me off the air for now or for any other spaceless time!

§Network ¤ Max Schumacher: I feel lousy about the pain that I've caused my wife and kids. I feel guilty and conscience-stricken, and all of those things you think sentimental, but which my generation calls simple human decency. And I miss my home, because I'm beginning to get scared shitless, because all of a sudden it's closer to the end than the beginning, and death is suddenly a perceptible thing to me, with definable features.

§Network ¤ Arthur Jensen: Good morning, Mr. Beale. They tell me you're a madman.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: At the bottom of all of our terrified souls, we know, that democracy is a dying giant, a sick, sick, dying, decaying political concept, riling in it's final pain. I don't mean that the United States is finished as a world power. The United States is the richest, the most powerful, the most advanced country in the world, light years ahead of any other country. And I don't mean the Communist are gonna take over the world; because, the Communists are deader than we are. What is finished... is the idea that this great country is dedicated to the freedom and flourishing of every individual in it. It's the individual that's finished. It's the single, solitary human being that's finished. It's every single one of you out there that's finished, because this is no longer a nation of independent individuals. It's a nation of some 200-odd million transistorized, deodorized, whiter-that-white, steel-belted bodies, totally unnecessary as human beings, and as replaceable as piston rods... Well, the time has come to say, is dehumanization such a bad word. Because good or bad, that's what is so. The whole world is becoming humanoid - creatures that look human but aren't. The whole world not just us. We're just the most advanced country, so we're getting there first. The whole world's people are becoming mass-produced, programmed, numbered, insensate things...

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: I was married for four years, and pretended to be happy; and I had six years of analysis, and pretended to be sane. My husband ran off with his boyfriend, and I had an affair with my analyst, who told me I was the worst lay he'd ever had. I can't tell you how many men have told me what a lousy lay I am. I apparently have a masculine temperament. I arouse quickly, consummate prematurely, and can't wait to get my clothes back on and get out of that bedroom. I seem to be inept at everything except my work. I'm goddamn good at my work and so I confine myself to that. All I want out of life is a 30 share and a 20 rating.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: I would like at this moment to announce that I will be retiring from this program in two weeks' time because of poor ratings. Since this show is the only thing I had going for me in my life, I've decided to kill myself. I'm going to blow my brains out right on this program a week from today. So tune in next Tuesday. That should give the public relations people a week to promote the show. You ought to get a hell of a rating out of that. 50 share, easy.

§Network ¤ Laureen Hobbs: Don't fuck with my distribution costs! I'm making a lousy two-fifteen per segment and I'm already deficiting twenty-five grand a week with Metro! I'm paying William Morris ten percent off the top, and I'm giving this turkey ten thou per segment, and another five to this fruitcake! And Helen, don't start no shit about a piece again! I'm paying Metro twenty-thousand for all foreign and Canadian distribution, and that's after recoupment! The Communist Party's not gonna see a nickel of this goddamn show until we go into syndication! Helen Miggs: C'mon Laureen. The party's in for seventy-five hundred a week of the production expenses. Laureen Hobbs: I'm not giving this pseudoinsurrectionary sedentarian a piece of my show! I'm not giving him script approval, and I sure as shit ain't gotten him into my distribution charges! Mary Ann Gifford: [screaming] You fuggingfascist! Did you see the film we made at the San Marino jail breakout demonstrating the rising up of a seminal prisoner-class infrastructure? Laureen Hobbs: You can blow the seminal prisoner-class infrastructure out your ass! I'm not knockin' down my goddamn distribution charges! Great Ahmed Kahn: [fires off his gun through the ceiling] Man, give her the FUCKING overhead clause. Let's get back to page twenty-two, number 5, small 'a'. Subsidiary rights.

§Network ¤ Secretary: Mr. Hackett's trying to get through to you. Max Schumacher: Tell Mr. Hackett to go fuck himself.

§Network ¤ Max Schumacher: [about Diana] I'm not sure she's capable of any real feelings. She's television generation. She learned life from Bugs Bunny.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: [flipping through the newspaper] You know, Barbara, the Arabs have decided to jack up the price of oil another 20%... uh, the CIA has been caught opening Senator Humphrey's mail... there's a civil war in Angola... another one in Beirut... the, uh, New York City's still facing default... they finally caught up with Patricia Hearst... and the whole front page of the "Daily News" is Howard Beale.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: I watched your 6 o'clock news today; it's straight tabloid. You had a minute and a half of that lady riding a bike naked in Central Park; on the other hand, you had less than a minute of hard national and international news. It was all sex, scandal, brutal crime, sports, children with incurable diseases, and lost puppies. So, I don't think I'll listen to any protestations of high standards of journalism when you're right down on the streets soliciting audiences like the rest of us. Look, all I'm saying is if you're going to hustle, at least do it right.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: Television is not the truth. Television is a goddamned amusement park.

§Network ¤ Laureen Hobbs: He's plague, he's smallpox, he's typhoid. I don't want to follow his goddamn show. I want out of that 8 o'clock spot. I've got enough troubles without Howard Beale as a lead-in. You guys scheduled me up against "Tony Orlando and Dawn," NBC's got "Little House on the Prairie," ABC's got "The Bionic Woman". You've gotta do something. You've gotta do something about Howard Beale. Get him off the air. Get him off. Do something. DO ANYTHING.

§Network ¤ [first lines] Narrator: This story is about Howard Beale, who was the news anchorman on UBS TV. In his time, Howard Beale had been a mandarin of television, the grand old man of news, with a HUT rating of 16 and a 28 audience share. In 1969, however, his fortunes began to decline. He fell to a 22 share. The following year, his wife died, and he was left a childless widower with an 8 rating and a 12 share. He became morose and isolated, began to drink heavily, and on September 22, 1975, he was fired, effective in two weeks. The news was broken to him by Max Schumacher, who was the president of the news division at UBS. The two old friends got properly pissed. Howard Beale: [on the street] I was at CBS with Ed Murrow in 1951. Max Schumacher: Must've been 1950 then. [Beale nods] Max Schumacher: I was at NBC, uh, associate producer. Morning News. I was just a kid. 26 years old. [Not interested, Beale wanders off, until Schumacher stops him] Max Schumacher: Anyway... anyway... they're building the lower level of the George Washington Bridge. [Interested, Beale listens] Max Schumacher: We were doing a remote from there. Howard Beale, Max Schumacher: [start to laugh and snicker in unison] Max Schumacher: And nobody told me! [Beale keeps laughing, very interested] Max Schumacher: Ten after seven in the morning, I get a call, "Where the hell are YOU? You're supposed to be on the George Washington Bridge!" [Beale and Schumacher exchange laughs] Max Schumacher: I jump out of bed, throw my raincoat over my pajamas. I run downstairs and out into the street... [Schumacher runs into the street] Max Schumacher: ...hail a cab, and I say to the cabbie, "TAKE ME TO THE MIDDLE OF THE GEORGE WASHINGTON BRIDGE!" [Beale laughs] Max Schumacher: And the cabbie turns around and he says... [giggles] Max Schumacher: ...he says "Don't do it, buddy! You're a young man! You got your whole life ahead of you!" Howard Beale, Max Schumacher: [shriek in hysterics, as Beale gives Schumacher a hug] Max Schumacher: Didn't I ever tell you that one before?

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: By tomorrow, he'll have a 50 share, maybe even a 60. Howard Beale is processed instant God, and right now, it looks like he may just go over bigger than Mary Tyler Moore.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: We'll tell you anything you want to hear, we lie like hell.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: What's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisies of our times? What do you think, Max? Max Schumacher: Do you want to be an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisies of our times? Howard Beale: Yeah, I think I'd like to be an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisies of our times. Max Schumacher: Then, grab it! Grab it!

§Network ¤ Louise Schumacher: Do you love her? Max Schumacher: I don't know how I feel. I'm grateful I can feel anything. [his wife flinches] Max Schumacher: I know I'm obsessed with her. Louise Schumacher: Then say it. You keep telling me that you're obsessed, you're infatuated. Say that you're in love with her. Max Schumacher: [pauses] I'm in love with her.

§Network ¤ Max Schumacher: We could make a series of it. "Suicide of the Week." Aw, hell, why limit ourselves? "Execution of the Week." Howard Beale: "Terrorist of the Week." Max Schumacher: I love it. Suicides, assassinations, mad bombers, Mafia hitmen, automobile smash-ups: "The Death Hour." A great Sunday night show for the whole family. It'd wipe that fuckin' Disney right off the air.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: The next time I send out a marketing analysis you all better read it or I'll sack the fucking lot of you.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: Miss Hobbs, we're talking about 30 to 50 million people a shot. It's a lot better than handing out mimeographed pamphlets on ghetto street corners.

§Network ¤ Max Schumacher: After living with you for the last six months, I'm turning into one of your scripts. Well, this is not a script, Diana. There's some real, actual life going on here.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: The time has come to re-evaluate our relationship, Max. Max Schumacher: So I see. Diana Christensen: I don't like the way this script of ours has turned out. It's turning into a seedy little drama. Max Schumacher: You're going to cancel the show? Diana Christensen: Right.

§Network ¤ Nelson Chaney: The affiliates won't carry it. Frank Hackett: The affiliates will kiss your ass if you can hand them a hit show.

§Network ¤ Frank Hackett: I argued that television was a volatile industry in which success and failure were determined week by week; Mr. Jensen does not like volatile industries and suggested with a certain sinister silkiness that volatility in business usually reflected bad management.

§Network ¤ Nelson Chaney: All I know is that this violates every canon of respectable broadcasting. Frank Hackett: We're not a respectable network. We're a whorehouse network, and we have to take whatever we can get. Nelson Chaney: Well, I don't want any part of it. I don't fancy myself the president of a whorehouse. Frank Hackett: That's very commendable of you, Nelson. Now sit down. Your indignation is duly recorded; you can always resign tomorrow.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: [begins passionately making out with Max] NBC's offering 2.2 and a half mill per [kiss] Diana Christensen: per package of five James Bond movies, and I think I'm going to steal them for 3.5 [kiss] Diana Christensen: for their third run. [deep kiss]

§Network ¤ Arthur Jensen: I started as a salesman, Mr. Beale. I sold sewing machines and automobile parts, hair brushes and electronic equipment. [puts arm around Beale's shoulders] Arthur Jensen: They say I can sell anything. I'd like to try to sell something to *you*.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: All I know is, you've got to get mad. You've got to say, "I'm a human being, goddamn it. My life has value."

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: You're beginning to believe the illusions we're spinning here, you're beginning to believe that the tube is reality and your own lives are unreal. You do. Why, whatever the tube tells you: you dress like the tube, you eat like the tube, you raise your children like the tube, you even think like the tube. This is mass madness, you maniacs. In God's name, you people are the real thing, WE are the illusion.

§Network ¤ Frank Hackett: Well, the issue is: Shall we kill Howard Beale, or not? I'd like to get some more opinions on that. Diana Christensen: I don't see we have any options, Frank. Let's kill the son-of-a-bitch.

§Network ¤ Howard Beale: ...I want you to get mad. I don't want you to protest, I don't want you to riot, I don't want you to write to your congressman, because I wouldn't know what to tell you to write. I don't know what to do about the depression, the inflation, the Russians, or the crime in the streets. All I know is that first... You've got to get mad.

§Network ¤ Diana Christensen: [shouting] Son of a bitch. We've struck the motherlode.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ [after Peggy tells her parents that they never had any trouble in their relationship] Milly Stephenson: "We never had any trouble." How many times have I told you I hated you and believed it in my heart? How many times have you said you were sick and tired of me; that we were all washed up? How many times have we had to fall in love all over again?

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Wilma Cameron: You wrote me that when you got home, you and I were going to be married. If you wrote that once, you wrote it a hundred times. Isn't that true? Homer Parrish: Yes, but things are different now. Wilma Cameron: Have you changed your mind? Homer Parrish: Have I said anything about changing my mind? Wilma Cameron: No. That's just it. You haven't said anything about anything... I don't know what to think, Homer. All I know is, I was in love with you when you left and I'm in love with you now. Other things may have changed but that hasn't.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ [Al is explaining to the bank president why he made the loan to Mr. Novak] Al Stephenson: You see, Mr. Milton, in the Army I've had to be with men when they were stripped of everything in the way of property except what they carried around with them and inside them. I saw them being tested. Now some of them stood up to it and some didn't. But you got so you could tell which ones you could count on. I tell you this man Novak is okay. His 'collateral' is in his hands, in his heart and his guts. It's in his right as a citizen.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Homer Parrish: I was afraid you wouldn't be able to stand up for me. Fred Derry: I'd stand up for you, kid, til I drop.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ [Homer has asked Wilma into his bedroom to see what happens as he prepares for bed. After removing his hooks and harness, he 'wiggles' into his pajama top] Homer Parrish: I'm lucky. I have my elbows. Some of the boys don't. But I can't button them up. Wilma Cameron: I'll do that, Homer. Homer Parrish: This is when I know I'm helpless. My hands are down there on the bed. I can't put them on again without calling to somebody for help. I can't smoke a cigarette or read a book. If that door should blow shut, I can't open it and get out of this room. I'm as dependent as a baby that doesn't know how to get anything except to cry for it. Well, now you know, Wilma. Now you have an idea of what it is. I guess you don't know what to say. It's all right. Go on home. Go away like your family said. Wilma Cameron: [She kneels in front of him] I know what to say, Homer. I love you and I'm never going to leave you... never. [She kisses him]

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ [last lines] Fred Derry: You know what it'll be, don't you, Peggy? It may take us years to get anywhere. We'll have no money, no decent place to live. We'll have to work, get kicked around... [Peggy, not caring one way or the other about these things, kisses him]

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Marie Derry: Say, who is this Peggy Stephenson? Fred Derry: She's a girl. Marie Derry: I didn't think she was a kangaroo!

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Wilma Cameron: Tell me the truth, Homer. Do you want me to forget about you? Homer Parrish: I want you to be free, Wilma, to live your own life. I don't want you tied down forever just because you've got a kind heart. Wilma Cameron: Oh, Homer! Why can't you ever understand the way things really are, the way I really feel? I keep trying to tell you. Homer Parrish: But, but you don't know, Wilma. You don't know what it'd be like to have to live with me. To have to face this [his hooks] Homer Parrish: every day, every night. Wilma Cameron: But I can only find out by trying. And if it turns out I haven't courage enough, we'll soon know it.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ [Al is speaking to the banquet] Al Stephenson: I'm glad to see you've all pulled through so well. As Mr. Milton so perfectly expressed it: our country stands today... where it stands today... wherever that is. I'm sure you'll all agree with me if I said that now is the time for all of us to stop all this nonsense, face facts, get down to brass tacks, forget about the war and go fishing. But I'm not gonna say it. I'm just going to sum the whole thing up in one word. [Milly coughs loudly to caution him - worrying that he will tell off the boss] Al Stephenson: My wife doesn't think I'd better sum it up in that one word. I want to tell you all that the reason for my success as a Sergeant is due primarily to my previous training in the Cornbelt Loan and Trust Company. The knowledge I acquired in the good ol' bank I applied to my problems in the infantry. For instance, one day in Okinawa, a Major comes up to me and he says, "Stephenson, you see that hill?" "Yes sir, I see it." "All right," he said. "You and your platoon will attack said hill and take it." So I said to the Major, "but that operation involves considerable risk. We haven't sufficient collateral." "I'm aware of that," said the Major, "but the fact remains that there's the hill and you are the guys who are going to take it." So I said to him, "I'm sorry, Major... no collateral, no hill." So we didn't take the hill and we lost the war. I think that little story has considerable significance, but I've forgotten what it is. And now in conclusion, I'd like to tell you a humorous anecdote. I know several humorous anecdotes, but I can't think of any way to clean them up, so I'll only say this much. I love the Cornbelt Loan and Trust Company. There are some who say that the old bank is suffering from hardening of the arteries and of the heart. I refuse to listen to such radical talk. I say that our bank is alive, it's generous, it's human, and we're going to have such a line of customers seeking and GETTING small loans that people will think we're gambling with the depositors' money. And we will be. We will be gambling on the future of this country. I thank you.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Fred Derry: You gotta hand it to the Navy; they sure trained that kid how to use those hooks. Al Stephenson: They couldn't train him to put his arms around his girl, or to stroke her hair.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ [Al and Fred have arrived at Al's fancy apartment building] Fred Derry: Some barracks you got here. Hey, what are you? A retired bootlegger? Al Stephenson: Nothing as dignified as that. I'm a banker.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Peggy Stephenson: I've made up my mind. Al Stephenson: Good girl. Milly Stephenson: To do what? Peggy Stephenson: I'm going to break that marriage up! I can't stand it seeing Fred tied to a woman he doesn't love and who doesn't love him. Oh, it's horrible for him. It's humiliating and it's killing his spirit. Somebody's got to help him.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Milly Stephenson: What do you think of the children? Al Stephenson: Children? I don't recognize 'em. They've grown so old. Milly Stephenson: I tried to stop them, to keep them just as they were when you left, but they got away from me.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Woody Merrill: All marriages don't have to be like that one. Peggy Stephenson: Which one? Woody Merrill: Your friends, Fred and Marie. Peggy Stephenson: What's wrong with their marriage? Woody Merrill: Nothing, except one slight detail, they just don't like each other.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Milly Stephenson: You'll probably have to make a speech. Al Stephenson: It's my plan to meet that situation by getting plastered.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Fred Derry: I dreamed I was gonna have my own home. Just a nice little house for my wife and me out in the country... in the suburbs anyway. That's the cock-eyed kind of dream you have when you're overseas. Peggy Stephenson: You don't have to be overseas to have dreams like that. Fred Derry: Yeah. You can get crazy ideas right here at home.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Butch Engle: Give 'em time, kid; they'll catch on. You know your folks'll get used to you, and you'll get used to them. Then everything'll settle down nicely. Unless we have another war. Then none of us have to worry because we'll all be blown to bits the first day. So cheer up, huh?

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Al Stephenson: I've seen nothing, I should have stayed at home and found out what was really going on.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Rob Stephenson: We've been having lectures in atomic energy at school, and Mr. McLaughlin, he's our physics teacher, he says that we've reached a point where the whole human race has either got to find a way to live together, or else uhm... Al Stephenson: [with grim finality] Or else.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Homer Parrish: I didn't see much of the war... I was stationed in a repair shop below decks. Oh, I was in plenty of battles, but I never saw a Jap or heard a shell coming at me. When we were sunk, all I know is there was a lot of fire and explosions. And I was ordered topsides and overboard. And I was burned. When I came to, I was on a cruiser. My hands were off. After that, I had it easy... That's what I said. They took care of me fine. They trained me to use these things. I can dial telephones, I can drive a car, I can even put nickels in the jukebox. I'm all right, but... well, you see, I've got a girl.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Al Stephenson: You know, I had a dream. I dreamt I was home. I've had that same dream hundreds of times before. This time, I wanted to find out if it's really true. Am I really home?

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Marie Derry: What do you think I was doing all those years? Fred Derry: I don't know, babe, but I can guess. Marie Derry: Go ahead. Guess your head off. I could do some guessing myself. What were you up to in London and Paris and all those places? I've given you every chance to make something of yourself. I gave up my own job when you asked me. I gave up the best years of my life, and what have you done? You flopped! Couldn't even hold that job at the drugstore. So I'm going back to work for myself and that means I'm gonna live for myself too. And in case you don't understand English, I'm gonna get a divorce. What have you got to say to that? [Eight seconds of silence] Fred Derry: Don't keep Cliff waiting.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Milly Stephenson: You're crazy. Al Stephenson: No. Too sane for my own good.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Al Stephenson: We don't need to worry about that child. She can take care of herself. Milly Stephenson: That's what she thinks.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Marie Derry: What are you gonna do? Fred Derry: I'm going away. Marie Derry: Where? Fred Derry: As far away from Boone City as I can get. Marie Derry: That's a good idea. You'll get a good job someplace else. There are drugstores everywhere.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Fred Derry: How long since you been home? Al Stephenson: Oh, a couple-a centuries.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Milly Stephenson: Well? What's she like? Peggy Stephenson: I'm glad I went out with them. Even though it was a pretty disagreeable experience. Al Stephenson: It took guts, honey. But you got plenty. Peggy Stephenson: I'll need them. I've made up my mind. Al Stephenson: Good girl. Milly Stephenson: To do what? Peggy Stephenson: I'm going to break that marriage up. I can't stand it, seeing Fred tied to a woman he doesn't love, and who doesn't love him. Oh, it's horrible for him. It's humiliating, and it's killing his spirit. Somebody's got to help him. Milly Stephenson: Are you sure he doesn't love her? Peggy Stephenson: Of course I am. Milly Stephenson: Did he tell you? Peggy Stephenson: No. Milly Stephenson: Did she? Peggy Stephenson: No Al Stephenson: So you just jumped to conclusions! Peggy Stephenson: He doesn't love her, he hates her. I know it. - I know it. Al Stephenson: Who are you, God? How did you get this power to interfere in other people's lives? Milly Stephenson: Is Fred in love with you? Peggy Stephenson: Yes. Milly Stephenson: You've been seeing him? Peggy Stephenson: Only once. Today. Oh, it was all perfectly respectable. But when we were saying goodbye, he... he took me in his arms and kissed me and... and I knew. Al Stephenson: And you think a kiss from a smooth operator like Fred - you think that means anything? Peggy Stephenson: You don't know him. You don't know anything about what's inside him. Neither does she, his wife. That's probably what she thought when she married him - a smooth operator with money in his pockets. But now he isn't smooth any longer, and she's lost interest in him. Al Stephenson: Whereas you're possessed of all the wisdom of the ages! You can see into the secret recesses of his innermost soul! Peggy Stephenson: I can see because I love him. Al Stephenson: So you're gonna break this marriage up. Have you decided yet how you're going to do it? Are you gonna do it with an axe? Peggy Stephenson: It's none of your business how I'm going to do it! You've forgotten what it's like to be in love! Al Stephenson: You hear that, Milly? I'm so old and decrepit, I've forgotten how it feels to want somebody - desperately. Milly Stephenson: Peggy didn't mean that. Did you, darling? Peggy Stephenson: No... I don't know what I do mean. It's just that everything has always been so perfect for you. You loved each other and you got married in a big church and you had a honeymoon in the South of France. You never had any trouble of any kind. So how can you possibly understand how it is with Fred and me? Milly Stephenson: We never had any trouble? How many times have I told you I hated you and believed it in my heart? How many times have you said you were sick of me, that we were all washed up? How many times have we had to fall in love all over again?

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Peggy Stephenson: Well, what have you been doing with yourself lately? Fred Derry: Working. Peggy Stephenson: Yes, Dad told me he heard you were in some kind of building work. Fred Derry: Well, that's a hopeful way of putting it. I'm really in the junk business - an occupation for which many people feel I'm well-qualified by temperament and training.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ [Mr. Thorpe has offered Derry a job as asst. floor manager and part-time soda jerk] Fred Derry: At what salary? Mr. Thorpe: Thirty-two fifty per week. Fred Derry: Thirty-two fifty. I used to make over four hundred dollars a month in the Air Force. Mr. Thorpe: The war is over, Derry.

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Mr. Mollett: Say, uh, do you mind if I ask you a personal question? Homer Parrish: I know what it is. How did I get these hooks and how do they work? That's what everybody says when they start off, "Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?" Well, I'll tell ya. I got sick and tired of that old pair of hands I had. You know, an awful lot of trouble washing them and manicuring my nails. So I traded them in for a pair of these latest models. They work by radar. Look. [He takes a scoop of his ice cream sundae with a spoon] Homer Parrish: Pretty cute, hey?

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Peggy Stephenson: I'm going to break that marriage up! I can't stand it seeing Fred tied to a woman he doesn't love and who doesn't love him. Oh, it's horrible for him. It's humiliating and it's killing his spirit. Somebody's got to help him. Al Stephenson: Who made you God?

§The Best Years of Our Lives ¤ Marie Derry: Are you alright in your mind? Can't you get those things out of your system? Maybe that's what's holding you back! You know, the war's over! You won't get anyplace 'til you stop thinking about it. Come on - snap out of it!

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: What an excellent day for an exorcism. Father Karras: You would like that? Demon: Intensely. Father Karras: But wouldn't that drive you out of Regan? Demon: It would bring us together. Father Karras: You and Regan? Demon: You and us.

§The Exorcist ¤ [repeated lines] Father Merrin, Father Karras: The Power of Christ compels you!

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Karras: Why her? Why this girl? Father Merrin: I think the point is to make us despair. To see ourselves as... animal and ugly. To make us reject the possibility that God could love us.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Your mother sucks cocks in Hell, Karras, you faithless slime.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Stick your cock up her ass, you motherfucking worthless cocksucker.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Merrin: Especially important is the warning to avoid conversations with the demon. We may ask what is relevant but anything beyond that is dangerous. He is a liar. The demon is a liar. He will lie to confuse us. But he will also mix lies with the truth to attack us. The attack is psychological, Damien, and powerful. So don't listen to him. Remember that - do not listen.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: I'm not Regan. Father Karras: Well, then let's introduce ourselves. I'm Damien Karras. Demon: And I'm the Devil. Now kindly undo these straps. Father Karras: If you're the Devil, why not make the straps disappear? Demon: That's much too vulgar a display of power, Karras.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Do you know what she did, your cunting daughter?

§The Exorcist ¤ Psychiatrist: Is there someone inside you? Regan: Sometimes. Psychiatrist: Who is it? Regan: I don't know. Psychiatrist: Is it Captain Howdy? Regan: I don't know. Psychiatrist: If I ask him to tell me, will you let him answer? Regan: No. Psychiatrist: Why not? Regan: I'm afraid.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Merrin: I cast you out! Unclean spirit! Demon: Shove it up your ass, you faggot! Father Merrin: In the Name of our Lord Jesus Christ! It is he who commands you! It is he who flung you from the gates of Heaven to the depths of Hell! Demon: Fuck him! Father Merrin: Be gone... Demon: Fuck him, Karras! Fuck him! Father Merrin: ...from this creature of God! Be gone! In the Name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit!

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Mirabile dictu, don't you agree? Father Karras: You speak Latin? Demon: Ego te absolvo. Father Karras: Quod nomen mihi est? Demon: Bon Jour. Father Karras: Quod nomen mihi est? Demon: La plume de ma tante.

§The Exorcist ¤ [Karras sees Merrin dead on Regan's bed and gently moves him onto the floor; he beats Merrin's chest with force and checks for a heartbeat] Father Karras: You son of a bitch! [attacks Regan] Father Karras: Take me! Come into me! God damn you! Take me! Take me! [the demon transfers to Karras; he is about to kill Regan but stops] Father Karras: NOOOO! [jumps out of the window and rolls down the stairs outside the apartment, mortally wounded. He dies moments after receiving last rites]

§The Exorcist ¤ Karras' Mother: [to Karras] Why you do this to me, Dimmy?

§The Exorcist ¤ Regan: You're going to die up there.

§The Exorcist ¤ Burke Dennings: [to Karl] Cunting Hun! Bloody damn butchering Nazi pig!

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Karras: I think it might be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested. So far, I'd say there seem to be three. She's convinced... Father Merrin: There is only one.

§The Exorcist ¤ Dr. Klein: Do you keep any drugs in your house? Chris MacNeil: No, of course not, nothing like that. Dr. Klein: Are you sure? Chris MacNeil: Well, of course I'm sure. I'd tell you. Christ, I don't even smoke grass.

§The Exorcist ¤ Subway Vagrant: Father, could you help an old altar boy? I'm Cat'lick.

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: Is it over? Father Karras: No Chris MacNeil: Is she going to die? Father Karras: No!

§The Exorcist ¤ [Regan, possessed, is masturbating with a crucifix] Demon: Let Jesus fuck you, let Jesus fuck you. Let him fuck you.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Dyer: My idea of Heaven is a solid white nightclub with me as a headliner for all eternity, and they *love* me.

§The Exorcist ¤ Burke Dennings: Tell me, was it public relations you did for the Gestapo or community relations? Karl: I'm Swiss! Burke Dennings: Oh, of course. And you never went bowling with Goebbels before either, I suppose? Nazi bastard.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Karras: Where is Regan? Demon: In here. With us.

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: You show me Regan's double, same face, same voice, everything. And I'd know it wasn't Regan. I'd know in my gut. And I'm telling you that 'thing' upstairs isn't my daughter. Now, I want you to tell me that you know for a fact that there's nothing wrong with my daughter, except in her mind. You tell me for a fact that an exorcism wouldn't do any good. You tell me that!

§The Exorcist ¤ Tom, President of University: [discussing the case, referring to Karras] Well, he does know the background. I doubt there's any danger in just having him assist. There should be a psychiatrist present, anyway. Bishop Michael: What about the exorcist? Have you any ideas? Tom, President of University: How about Lankester Merrin? Bishop Michael: Merrin? Why, I'd a notion he was over in Iraq. I think I read he was working on a dig near Nineveh. Tom, President of University: Yeah, you're right, Mike, but he's finished. He came back three or four months ago. He's at Woodstock now. Bishop Michael: What's he doing there? Teaching? Tom, President of University: No, he's working on another book. Bishop Michael: Don't you think he's too old, Tom? How's his health? Tom, President of University: He must be all right, he's still running around digging up tombs. Besides, he's had experience. Bishop Michael: I didn't know that. Tom, President of University: Ten, twelve years ago, I think, in Africa. The exorcism supposedly lasted several months. I heard it damn near killed him.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Your mother's in here, Karras. Would you like to leave a message? I'll see that she gets it.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Keep away. The sow is mine.

§The Exorcist ¤ [2000 version] Father Merrin: [on his way to begin the exorcism] What is your daughter's middle name, Mrs. MacNeil? Chris MacNeil: Teresa. Father Merrin: What a lovely name.

§The Exorcist ¤ [2000 version] Lt. Kinderman: You go to films, Father Dyer? You like them? Father Dyer: Oh, sure. Lt. Kinderman: I get passes. In fact I've got a pass for the Crest tomorrow night. You'd like to go? Father Dyer: What's playing? Lt. Kinderman: "Wuthering Heights". Father Dyer: Who's in it? Lt. Kinderman: Heathcliff, Jackie Gleason, and in the role of Catherine Earnshaw, Lucille Ball. You're happy? Father Dyer: I've seen it. Lt. Kinderman: Another one.

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: How do you go about getting an exorcism? Father Karras: I beg your pardon?

§The Exorcist ¤ Dr. Barringer, Clinic Director: It looks like a type of disorder that you rarely ever see any more, except in primitive cultures. We call it a somnambuliform possession. Quite frankly, we don't know much about it except that it starts with some conflict or guilt that eventually leads to the patient's delusion that his body's been invaded by an alien intelligence, a spirit if you will. Chris MacNeil: Look, I'm telling you again and you'd better believe it: I'm not about to put her in a goddamn asylum! And I don't care what you call it! I'm not putting her away! Dr. Barringer, Clinic Director: I'm sorry. Chris MacNeil: You're sorry! Jesus Christ, 88 doctors and all you can tell me with all of your bullshit is... Dr. Barringer, Clinic Director: There is one outside chance of a cure. I think of it as shock treatment. As I say, there is an outside chance... Chris MacNeil: Will you just name it, for God's sake? What is it? Male Doctor: Do you have any religious beliefs? Chris MacNeil: No. Female Doctor: What about your daughter? Chris MacNeil: No, why? Dr. Barringer, Clinic Director: Have you ever heard of exorcism? It's a stylized ritual in which rabbis or priests try to drive out the so-called invading spirit. It's pretty much discarded these days, except by the Catholics who keep it in the closet as a sort of embarrassment. It has worked, in fact, although not for the reason they think, of course. It was purely the force of suggestion. The victim's belief in possession helped cause it. And just in the same way, this belief in the power of exorcism can make it disappear.

§The Exorcist ¤ [2000 version] Chris MacNeil: Well, give me an example. Like what specifically did she say? Dr. Klein: Specifically, Mrs. MacNeil, she advised me to "keep my fingers away from her goddamned cunt."

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Lick me, lick me!

§The Exorcist ¤ Regan: Mother? What's wrong with me? Chris MacNeil: It's just like the doctor said. It's nerves, and that's all. You just take your pills and you'll be fine, really. Okay?

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: What are you doing here? Regan: My bed was shaking. I can't get to sleep.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Karras: There isn't a day in my life when I haven't felt like a fraud. I mean priests, doctors, I've talked to them all. I don't know anyone who hasn't felt that.

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: Would you like some brandy in that, father? Father Merrin: Well, my doctor says I shouldn't, but thank God my will is weak.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Karras: There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look, your daughter doesn't say she's a demon. She says she's the devil himself. And if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: You killed your mother! You left her alone to die! Bastard! Father Karras: Shut up!

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: [as the Ouija planchette pulls away] You really don't want me to play, huh? Regan: No, I do. Captain Howdy said no. Chris MacNeil: Captain who? Regan: Captain Howdy. Chris MacNeil: Who's Captain Howdy? Regan: You know, I make the questions and he does the answers. Chris MacNeil: Oh, Captain Howdy...

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Karras: It's my mother, Tom. She's alone. I never should have left her. At least in New York, I'd be near, I'd be closer. Tom, President of University: Could see about a transfer, Damien. Father Karras: I need re-assignment, Tom. I want out of this job. It's wrong. It's no good. Tom, President of University: You're the best we've got. Father Karras: Am I really? It's more than psychiatry, and you know that Tom. Some of their problems come down to faith, their vocation and meaning of their lives, and I can't cut it anymore. I need out. I'm unfit. I think I've lost my faith, Tom.

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: Oh no, that was no spasm. I got on the bed. The whole bed was thumping and rising off the floor and shaking. The whole thing, with me on it! Dr. Klein: Mrs. MacNeil, the problem with your daughter is not her bed; it's her brain.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Karras: Would you like to hear about the case, first? Father Merrin: Why?

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: Give us time... Let the girl die... I am no one... I am no one... Fear the priest... Fear the priest... Merrin... Merrin.

§The Exorcist ¤ Regan: But ya like him. Chris MacNeil: Of course I like him. I like pizzas, too, but I'm not gonna marry one.

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: We've got rats in the attic. You better get some traps. Karl: Rats? Chris MacNeil: Mm-hmm. 'Fraid so. Karl: But the attic is clean. Chris MacNeil: All right, then we've got clean rats.

§The Exorcist ¤ Regan: Captain Howdy, do you think my mom's pretty?... Captain Howdy?... Captain Howdy, that isn't very nice! Chris MacNeil: Well, maybe he's sleeping.

§The Exorcist ¤ Chris MacNeil: How does a doctor end up as a priest? Father Karras: It's the other way around; the Society put me through medical school.

§The Exorcist ¤ Father Dyer: [taking away Karras' whiskey] I reckon I saved him from a great temptation. Father Karras: Stealing's a sin.

§The Exorcist ¤ Demon: [as Father Merrin enters the house, with terrible rage] MERRIN!

§Stand by Me ¤ [last lines] The Writer: [typing on computer] I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was twelve. Jesus, does anyone?

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: Do you think I'm weird? Chris: Definitely. Gordie: No man, seriously. Am I weird? Chris: Yeah, but so what? Everybody's weird.

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: [Angry] Fuck writing, I don't want to be a writer. It's stupid. It's a stupid waste of time. Chris: That's your dad talking. Gordie: [Still angry] Bullshit! Chris: Bull true. Chris: I know how your dad feels about you. He doesn't give a shit about you. Denny was the one. He cared about and don't try to tell me different. You're just a kid, Gordie. Gordie: [Shocked and Angry] Oh, gee! Thanks, Dad! Chris: Wish the hell I was your dad. You wouldn't be goin' around talkin' about takin' these stupid shop courses if I was. It's like God gave you something, man, all those stories you can make up. And He said, "This is what we got for ya, kid. Try not to lose it." Kids lose everything unless there's someone there to look out for them. And if your parents are too fucked up to do it, then maybe I should.

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: Suck my fat one, you cheap dime store hood.

§Stand by Me ¤ The Writer: [voiceover] It happens sometimes. Friends come in and out of your life, like busboys in a restaurant.

§Stand by Me ¤ Ace: What are you gonna do? Shoot us all? Gordie: No, Ace. Just you.

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: [Still in a trauma state of shock] Why did he have to die, Chris? Why did Denny have to die? Chris: I don't know. Gordie: [Still in shock] It should've been me. Chris: Don't say that. Gordie: [Trying not to cry] It should've been me! Chris: Don't say that, man! Gordie: [Gordie tries to be strong but starts to weep slightly] I'm no good. My dad said it. I'm no good. Chris: He doesn't know you. Gordie: [Gordie starts to weep] He hates me. Chris: He doesn't hate you. Gordie: [Voice breaking] He hates me! Chris: No! He just doesn't know you.

§Stand by Me ¤ Teddy: This is my age! I'm in the prime of my youth, and I'll only be young once! Chris: Yeah, but you're gonna be stupid for the rest of your life.

§Stand by Me ¤ Chris: I'm never gonna get out of this town am I, Gordie? Gordie: You can do anything you want, man. Chris: Yeah, sure. Give me some skin. Gordie: I'll see ya. Chris: Not if I see you first.

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: Alright, alright, Mickey's a mouse, Donald's a duck, Pluto's a dog. What's Goofy? Vern: If I could only have one food for the rest of my life? That's easy-Pez. Cherry-flavored Pez. No question about it. Teddy: Goofy's a dog. He's definitely a dog. Gordie: I knew the $64,000 question was fixed. There's no way anybody could know that much about opera! Chris: He can't be a dog. He drives a car and wears a hat. Gordie: Wagon Train's a really cool show, but did you notice they never get anywhere? They just keep wagon training. Vern: Oh, God. That's weird. What the hell is Goofy?

§Stand by Me ¤ The Writer: I wondered how Teddy could care so much for his dad, who practically killed him. And I couldn't give a shit about my own dad, who hadn't laid a hand on me since I was three! And that was for eating the bleach under the sink.

§Stand by Me ¤ The Writer: [referring to Chris] Although I hadn't seen him in more than ten years, I know I'll miss him forever.

§Stand by Me ¤ Milo: Chopper! Sic'em, boy! The Writer: [while Gordie is runs in slow motion] Now he said, "Sic'em, boy!" But what I heard was, "Chopper! Sic balls!" Gordie: [Gordie screams and runs for his life and is surprised to discover that Chopper is a small golden retriever] That's Chopper? Teddy: [Taunting Chopper behind the fence] Ha ha ha! Come on, Choppy! Bite my ass, Choppy! Bite my ass! Bite shit. Come on, Choppy! Sic balls, Choppy! Milo: Hey, you! Stop teasing that dog, you hear me! Stop teasing him! Sonny, I'm gonna beat your ass, teasing my dog like that! Teddy: Yeah? I'd like to see you climb over this fence and get me, fat ass! Milo: Don't you call me that, you little tin weasel peckerwood loony's son. Teddy: [Surprised] What did you call me? Milo: I know who you are. You're Teddy Duchamp. Your dad's a loony. A loony up in the nuthouse in Togus. He took your ear and he put it to a stove and burnt it off. Teddy: [Trying not to get angry] My father stormed the beach at Normandy. Milo: He's crazier than a shithouse rat. No wonder you're acting the way you are with a loony for a father. Teddy: [Getting angry] You call my dad a loony again, I'll kill you. Milo: Loony, loony, loony! Teddy: [Extremely angry] I'm gonna rip your head off and shit down your neck!

§Stand by Me ¤ [after being handed the gun] Gordie: Is it loaded? Chris: Shit no! What do you think I am? [gun goes off] Gordie, Chris: JESUS!

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: Maybe you could come into the college courses with me. Chris: Yeah right, that'll be the day. Gordie: Why not? You're smart enough. Chris: They won't let me. Gordie: What do you mean? Chris: It's what everyone thinks of my family in this town. It's what they think of me. I'm just one of those low-life Chambers kids. Gordie: That's not true. Chris: Oh wait, it is. No one even asked me if I took the milk money that time. I just got a three day vacation. Gordie: Did you take it? Chris: Yeah, I took it! I mean, you knew I took it. Teddy knew I took it. Everyone knew I took it. Even Vern knew it, I think. But maybe I was sorry and I tried to give it back. Gordie: You tried to give it back? Chris: Maybe. Just maybe. And maybe I took it to Old Lady Simmons and told her, and the money was all there. But I still got a three day vacation because it never showed up. And maybe the next week, Old Lady Simmons had this new suit on when she came to school. Gordie: Yeah, yeah! It was brown and it had dots on it. Chris: Yeah. So let's just say that I stole the milk money, but Old Lady Simmons stole it back from me. Just say that I told this story. Me, Chris Chambers. Kid brother to Eyeball Chambers. Do you think that anyone would've believed it? Gordie: No. Chris: And do you think that that bitch would have dared try something like that if it had been one of those douchebags from up on the view, if they had taken the money? Gordie: No way! Chris: Hell no! But with me?... I'm sure she had her eye on that skirt for a long time. Anyway, she saw her chance, and she took it. I was the stupid one for even trying to give it back. [begins to cry] Chris: I just never thought a teacher... Oh, who gives a fuck anyway? I just wish... that I could go some place... where nobody knows me. I guess I'm just a pussy, huh? Gordie: [places his hand on Chris' shoulder while whispering and comforting him] No way. No way.

§Stand by Me ¤ Chris: You four-eyed pile of shit! Teddy: A pile of shit has a thousand eyes.

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern, Teddy: I hate this short cut! [Mocking Vern] Vern, Teddy: I hate this short cut! [Punches Teddy but he flinches] Vern, Teddy: Ha-ha! You flinched! Two for flinching! Two for flinching! [Teddy punches him twice in the arm] Vern: ...B-but... you flinched! Teddy: I know. Two for flinching. [Smiles Smugly]

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern: Do you think Mighty Mouse could beat up Superman? Teddy: What are you, cracked? Vern: Why not? I saw the other day. He was carrying five elephants in one hand! Teddy: Boy, you don't know nothing! Mighty Mouse is a cartoon. Superman's a real guy. There's no way a cartoon could beat up a real guy. Vern: Yeah, maybe you're right. It'd be a good fight, though.

§Stand by Me ¤ [as Lardass walks across the stage to his seat the Benevolent Order of Antelopes mock him in rhythm with his steps] Crowd: Boom-baba-boom-baba... [They fall silent as Lardass glares at them, but then they resume their mockery as soon as he starts moving again] Crowd: Boom-baba-boom-baba-boom. Mayor Grundy: And now, the one you've all been waiting for, the four-time champion, our own, Bill Travis! [Cheers and applause; Mayor aside to Travis] Mayor Grundy: Listen, I got ten ridin' on you myself, Billy-boy. [Now he speaks to the crowd] Mayor Grundy: Alright, are you ready? Hands behind your backs, gentlemen! Drum roll! Donelley Twin, Donelley Twin: Hey, Lardass! Chow down, Wide Load! Mayor Grundy: Heh-heh-heh... GO! [the contestants bury their faces and begin eating. Within a few seconds, Lardass has finished his first pie] Lardass Hogan: Done! [Lardass finishes his second pie] Lardass Hogan: Done! [Bill Travis finishes his first pie] Bill Travis: Done! Lardass Hogan: [Lardass finishes his third pie] Done! Mayor Grundy: [to Lardass] You better pace yourself if you wanna hold out, boy. [Lardass continues and the crowd starts to cheer him on] Crowd: Lardass! Lardass! Gordie: What the audience didn't know was that Lardass wasn't really interested in winning. What he wanted was revenge, and right before he was introduced he'd gotten ready for it. [Cut to flashback scene showing Lardass drinking a quart bottle of Castor Oil and eating a raw egg just before the start of the contest; cut back to the contest in progress] Gordie: Diving into his fifth pie, Lardass began to imagine that he wasn't eating pies. He pretended he was eating cow-plops, and rat guts in blueberry sauce. Crowd: Lardass! Lardass! Lardass Hogan: Done! [Lardass prepares to dive into his sixth pie, but then his stomach starts rumbling] Gordie: Slowly, a sound started to build in Lardass' stomach. A strange and scary sound, like a log truck coming at you at a hundred miles-an-hour. Suddenly, Lardass opened his mouth, and before Bill Travis knew it... [Lardass barfs all over Bill] Gordie: ... he was covered with five pies worth of used blueberries. The women in the audience screamed. Bossman Bob Cormier took one look at Bill Travis and barfed on Principal Wiggins. Principal Wiggins barfed on the lumberjack that was sitting next to him. Mayor Grundy barfed on his wife's tits! But when the smell hit the crowd, that's when Lardass' plan really started to work. Girlfriends barfed on boyfriends. Kids barfed on their parents. A fat lady barfed in her purse. The Donnelley twins barfed on each other, and the Women's Auxiliary barfed all over the Benevolent Order of Antelopes. And Lardass just sat back and enjoyed what he'd created-a complete and total barf-o-rama! Vern, Teddy, Chris: [Cheering and laughing] Yeah!

§Stand by Me ¤ Chris: [while Gordie continues to sob] You're gonna be a great writer someday, Gordie. You might even write about us guys if you ever get hard-up for material. [Chris comforts Gordie as his sobs finally subside] Gordie: [wiping away his tears] Guess I'd have to be pretty hard-up, huh?

§Stand by Me ¤ [repeated line] Chris: Skin it. [High fives one of his friends]

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern: [after dropping his hamburger in the campfire by accident] This isn't funny! What am I supposed to eat? Teddy: You could cook your dick. Chris: It'd be a small meal.

§Stand by Me ¤ Teddy: [after hearing more howls, Teddy gets scared] Jesus H. bald-headed Christ!

§Stand by Me ¤ The Writer: At the beginning of the school year, Vern had buried a quart jar of pennies underneath his house. He drew a treasure map so he could find them again. A week later, his mom cleaned out his room and threw away the map. Vern had been trying to find those pennies for nine months. Nine months, man. You didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern: What am I supposed to do, think of everything? I brought the comb! Teddy: Oh, great! You brought the comb! What did you bring a comb for? You don't even have any hair!

§Stand by Me ¤ Ace: Okay, Chambers, you little faggot. This is your last chance. What do you say, kid? Chris: Why don't you go home and fuck your mother some more? [Ace pulls out a knife] Ace: You're dead.

§Stand by Me ¤ [after they had dinner] Vern: Nothing like a smoke after a meal. Teddy: Yeah... I cherish these moments. [group chuckles] Teddy: What? What did I say?

§Stand by Me ¤ Chris: "Suck my fat one"? Whoever told you that you had a fat one, Lachance? Gordie: Biggest one in four counties.

§Stand by Me ¤ Teddy: [Calming down after sobbing] I'm sorry if I'm spoiling everybody's good time. Chris: It's okay, man. Gordie: I'm not sure it should be a good time. Chris: You saying you wanna go back? Gordie: No. We're going to see a dead kid... maybe it shouldn't be a party.

§Stand by Me ¤ The Writer: The kid wasn't sick. The kid wasn't sleeping. The kid was dead.

§Stand by Me ¤ Chris: How do you know if a Frenchman has been in your backyard? Teddy: Hey, I'm French, okay? Chris: Your garbage cans are empty and your dog's pregnant. [Chris and Gordie laugh] Teddy: Didn't I just say I was French?

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern: I wasn't that scared. I wasn't. Sincerely. Gordie: Okay. Then you won't mind if we check the seat of your jockies for Hershey squirts, will you? Vern: Go screw.

§Stand by Me ¤ [the boys are having trouble designing how to get across the river] Teddy: Okay, you guys can go around if you want. I'm crossing here. And while you guys are dragging your candy asses half way across the state and back, I'll be waiting on the other side, relaxing with my thoughts. Gordie: You use your left hand or right hand to do that? Teddy: You wish.

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: ...the main guy of the story is a fat kid that nobody likes named Davie Hogan. Vern: Like Charlie Hogan's brother. If he had one. Chris: Good Vern. Go on, Gordie. Gordie: Well this kid is our age but he's fat. Real fat. He weighs close to one-eighty. But you know, it's not his fault. It's his glands. Vern: Oh yeah, my cousin's like that, sincerely. She weighs over three hundred pounds! Supposed to be Hyboid Gland or something. Well, I don't know about any Hyboid Glands, but what a blimp! No shit. She looks like a Thanksgiving turkey. And you know this one time... Chris: Shut up, Vern. Vern: Yeah, yeah, right. Go on, Gordie, it's a swell story.

§Stand by Me ¤ The Writer: Vern didn't just mean being off limits inside the junkyard, or fudging on our folks, or going on a hike up the railroad to Harlow. He meant those things, but it seems to me now it was more and that we all knew it. Everything was there and around us. We knew exactly who we were and exactly where we were going. It was grand.

§Stand by Me ¤ Charlie Hogan: Besides, me and Billy found him first! Teddy: Yeah, Vern told us how you found him! [in a high, mocking voice imitating Charlie Hogan] Teddy: Oh Billy, I wish we'd never boosted that car! Oh Billy, I think I just turned my Fruit-of-the-Looms into a fudge factory!

§Stand by Me ¤ [first lines] The Writer: [voiceover] I was 12 going on 13 the first time I saw a dead human being. It happened in the summer of 1959-a long time ago, but only if you measure in terms of years. I was living in a small town in Oregon called Castle Rock. There were only twelve hundred and eighty-one people. But to me, it was the whole world.

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern: Geez, Gordie. Why couldn't you have gotten breakfast stuff? Like Twinkies and Pez and Root Beer? Gordie: Sorry, Vern. I guess a more experienced shopper could have gotten more for your seven cents.

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern: There's one thing I didn't understand. Did Lardass have to pay to get in the contest? [Chris and Teddy sighs] Gordie: No, Vern. They just let him in.

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: [after Gordie and Chris set off the gun] [Angrily] Gordie: That tupper babe saw me! Chris: Aw, shit, Gordie! She thought it was firecrackers. Gordie: [Still angry] I don't care! That was a mean trick, Chris! Chris: Hey, Gordie! I didn't know it was loaded! Gordie: You swear? Chris: Yeah, I swear. Gordie: On your mother's name? Chris: Yeah. Gordie: Even if she goes to hell 'cause you lied? Chris: Yeah, I swear! Gordie: Pinky swear?

§Stand by Me ¤ Gordie: But you didn't miss him. Chris Chambers never misses, does he? Chris: Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.

§Stand by Me ¤ Teddy: You lose Gordie! [laughs] Teddy: Gordie loses! Oh, Gordie just screwed the pooch! Gordie: Does the word "retarded" mean anything to you? Teddy: Gordie, go get the food, you morphodite. Gordie: Don't call me any of your mother's pet names. Teddy: What a wet end you are, Lachance! Gordie: Shut up. Teddy, Vern, Chris: [In unison] I don't shut up. I grow up. And when I look at you, I throw up. [Pretends to gag] Teddy, Vern, Chris: Aghhh! Gordie: [to the others] And then, your mother goes around the corner and she licks it up! Teddy, Vern, Chris: Oh! The Writer: Finding new and preferably ways to degrade a friend's mother, was always held in high regard.

§Stand by Me ¤ Mr. Lachance: Why can't you have friends like Denny's? Gordie: [Surprised and shocked] Dad, they're okay. Mr. Lachance: Sure they are. A thief and two feebs? Gordie: [Still surprised] Chris isn't a thief. Mr. Lachance: [Raises his eyebrow] He stole the milk money at school. He's a thief in my book. [He exits, and heads back outside. And Gordie watches as he exits]

§Stand by Me ¤ The Writer: As time went on, we saw less and less of Teddy and Vern until, eventually, they became just two more faces in the halls. Happens sometimes, friends come in and out of your life like busboys in a restaurant. I heard that Vern got married out of high school, had four kids, and is now the forklift operator at the Arseno Lumberyard. Teddy tried several times to get into the Army, but his eyes and his ear kept him out. Last I heard, he had spent some time in jail and was now doing odd jobs around Castle Rock. Chris: I'm never gonna get out of this town, am I, Gordie? Gordie: You can do anything you want, man. Chris: Yeah. Sure. [Staring at each other for a moment] Chris: Give me some skin. [They share their handshake] Gordie: I'll see ya. Chris: Not if I see you first. The Writer: Chris did get out. He enrolled in the college courses with me and, although, it was hard, he gutted it out like he always did. He went on to college and, eventually, became a lawyer. Last week, he entered a fast food restaurant. Just ahead of him, two men got into an argument. One of them pulled a knife. Chris, who had always made the best peace, tried to break it up. He was stabbed in the throat. He died almost instantly. The Writer: [the Writer typing on his computer] Although I hadn't seen him in more than ten years, I know I'll miss him forever. Gordon's Son: Dad, can we go now? The Writer: You ready? Gordon's Son: Yeah, we've been ready for an hour. The Writer: [laughs] Okay, I'll be right there. His Friend: He said that a half hour ago. Gordon's Son: Yeah, my dad's weird. He gets like that when he's writing. The Writer: [Continues typing] I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was 12. Jesus, does anyone?

§Stand by Me ¤ [after the boys have fallen into a lake] Vern: I told you we should of stuck to the tracks. Teddy: Is it me, or are you the world's biggest pussy? Vern: I suppose this is fun for you? Teddy: No... but this is. [Teddy dunks Vern into the lake]

§Stand by Me ¤ Vern: Come on you guys. Let's get moving. Teddy: Yeah, by the time we get there, the kid won't even be dead anymore.

§Stand by Me ¤ Mr. Lachance: [in Gordie's dream, at Denny's funeral Mr. Lachance places his hand on Gordie's shoulder, while he looks down at Denny's casket going down in the grave] It should've been you, Gordon. Gordie: [Snaps awake and screams] Chris: You? Ok? Gordie: Huh? Chris: You were dreaming. Gordie: [Remains unresponsive and then speaks] I didn't cry at Denny's funeral. Chris: I know. Gordie: [Trying to be tough and not cry] I miss him Chris. Chris: I know, go back to sleep.

§Stand by Me ¤ Ace: You got two choices. You leave quietly, we take the body. Or, you can stay, we beat the shit out of you, we take the body.

§Stand by Me ¤ Teddy: Did your mother have any kids that lived? Vern: What do you mean?

§Stand by Me ¤ Teddy: That was the all-time train dodge! Too cool! Vern, you were so scared you looked like that fat guy in Abbott and Costello, when they saw the mummy.

§La haine ¤ Hubert: Heard about the guy who fell off a skyscraper? On his way down past each floor, he kept saying to reassure himself: So far so good... so far so good... so far so good. How you fall doesn't matter. It's how you land!

§La haine ¤ Hubert: Bullshit! You pointed a gun at a cop! We coulda been killed! [an old man flushes the toilet and walks out of the stall] Old Man: Nothing like a good shit! Do you believe in God? That's the wrong question. Does God believe in us? I once had a friend called Grunwalski. We were sent to Siberia together. When you go to a Siberian work camp, you travel in a cattle car. You roll across icy steppes for days, without seeing a soul. You huddle to keep warm. But it's hard to relieve yourself, to take a shit, you can't do it on the train, and the only time the train stops is to take on water for the locomotive. But Grunwalski was shy, even when we bathed together, he got upset. I used to kid him about it. So, the train stops and everyone jumps out to shit on the tracks. I teased Grunwalski so much, that he went off on his own. The train starts moving, so everyone jumps on, but it waits for nobody. Grunwalski had a problem: he'd gone behind a bush, and was still shitting. So I see him come out from behind the bush, holding up his pants with his hands. He tries to catch up. I hold out my hand, but each time he reaches for it he lets go of his pants and they drop to his ankles. He pulls them up, starts running again, but they fall back down, when he reaches for me. Saïd: Then what happened? Old Man: Nothing. Grunwalksi... froze to death. Goodbye.

§La haine ¤ Vinz: It's about a society on its way down. And as it falls,it keeps telling itself: "So far so good... So far so good... So far so good." It's not how you fall that matters. It's how you land.

§La haine ¤ Saïd: Wow, what a speech! Half Moses, half Mickey Mouse.

§La haine ¤ Billboards: The world is yours

§La haine ¤ Vinz: I know who I am and where I'm from! Man: Then go back there and shut the fuck up! Vinz: Go fuck your mother, man.

§La haine ¤ Vinz: Who made you a preacher? You know what's right and wrong? Why do you side with the assholes? Hubert: Who's the asshole? If you hate stayed in school, you'd know that hate breeds hate, Vinz.

§La haine ¤ Saïd: Hey, skinheads. Fuck Le Pen!

§La haine ¤ Old Neighbor Lady: Stop ringing like that! Y'all think the world is yours? Hubert: [turns away] This isn't real, this isn't real, this isn't real...

§La haine ¤ Saïd: Hey, why'd he tell us that?

§La haine ¤ Astérix: Sniff of coke? Saïd: Uh, no, no. Astérix: You sure? Saïd: Absolutely. Astérix: [psychotically, to the others; starts rapidly practicing with nunchaku] A little coke? A little line of coke? Nobody for coke? That's it for coke? How's your brother, how's he doin? Saïd: He's alright. Astérix: [still practicing with nunchaku] Mean fuckin bastard. Still a maniac? Saïd: Are you? Astérix: [still practicing] Well shit, look! VWA-VWA-VWA-VWA!

§La haine ¤ Vinz: Tom fucks Jerry's shit up.

§La haine ¤ Saïd: Canardo. Señor canardo.

§La haine ¤ Hubert: Icing a pig will get you respect? Vinz: At least it'll even the score.

§La haine ¤ Old Neighbor Lady: [on CCTV monitor in Asterix's apartment] Asterix! ASTERIX! Causing shit all the time! That's not your real name, scumass!

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Will Turner: Where's Elizabeth? Jack Sparrow: She's safe, just like I promised. She's all set to marry Norrington, just like she promised. And you get to die for her, just like you promised. So we're all men of our word really... except for, of course, Elizabeth, who is in fact, a woman.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow!

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Will Turner: This is either madness... or brilliance. Jack Sparrow: It's remarkable how often those two traits coincide.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Mullroy: What's your purpose in Port Royal, Mr. Smith? Murtogg: Yeah, and no lies. Jack Sparrow: Well, then, I confess, it is my intention to commandeer one of these ships, pick up a crew in Tortuga, raid, pillage, plunder and otherwise pilfer my weasely black guts out. Murtogg: I said no lies. Mullroy: I think he's telling the truth. Murtogg: If he were telling the truth, he wouldn't have told us. Jack Sparrow: Unless, of course, he knew you wouldn't believe the truth even if he told it to you.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Norrington: No additional shot nor powder, a compass that doesn't point north, [looks at Jack's sword] Norrington: And I half expected it to be made of wood. You are without doubt the worst pirate I've ever heard of. Jack Sparrow: But you have heard of me.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Will Turner: That's not true. I am not obsessed with treasure. Jack Sparrow: Not all treasure is silver and gold, mate.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: Parleley, parlelellyleloooo, par le nee, partner, par... snip, parsley... Ragetti: Parley? Jack Sparrow: That's the one. Parley. Parley. Pintel: Parley? Damn to the depths whatever man what thought of "Parley". Jack Sparrow: That would be the French.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: Me? I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [last lines] Jack Sparrow: Now... bring me that horizon. [humming] Jack Sparrow: "And really bad eggs." Drink up me 'earties. Yo ho. [snaps compass shut]

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Will Turner: You cheated. Jack Sparrow: Pirate.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: [Wakes up and sees Elizabeth burning the rum] No! Not good! Stop! Not good! What are you doing? You burned all the food, the shade... the rum. Elizabeth: Yes, the rum is gone. Jack Sparrow: Why is the rum gone? Elizabeth: One: because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable men into complete scoundrels. Two: that signal is over a thousand feet high. The entire Royal Navy is out looking for me. Do you really think there is even the slightest chance they won't see it? Jack Sparrow: But why is the rum gone? Elizabeth: Just wait captain Sparrow. You give it one hour, maybe two; keep a weather eye out and you will see white sails on that horizon. [Jack momentarily considers shooting her with his single bullet he has been saving for ten years before stomping off] Jack Sparrow: "Must have been terrible for you to be trapped here Jack. Must have been terrible for you." Well it bloody is now! [Seeing Norrington's ship off shore, vindicating her plan] Jack Sparrow: There'll be no living with her after this.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Pintel: You're supposed to be dead! Jack Sparrow: Am I not?

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: I know those cannons. It's the Pearl. Man in Jail: The Black Pearl? I've heard stories. She's been preying on ships and settlements for near ten years. Never leaves any survivors. Jack Sparrow: No survivors? Then where do the stories come from, I wonder?

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Barbossa: How the blazes did you get off that island? Jack Sparrow: When you marooned me on that god forsaken spit of land, you forgot one very important thing, mate: I'm Captain Jack Sparrow.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Barbossa: For too long I've been parched of thirst and unable to quench it. Too long I've been starving to death and haven't died. I feel nothing. Not the wind on my face nor the spray of the sea. Nor the warmth of a woman's flesh. [steps into moonlight becoming a skeleton] Barbossa: You best start believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner... you're in one!

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: The only rules that really matter are these: what a man can do and what a man can't do. For instance, you can accept that your father was a pirate and a good man or you can't. But pirate is in your blood, boy, so you'll have to square with that some day. And me, for example, I can let you drown, but I can't bring this ship into Tortuga all by me onesies, savvy? So, can you sail under the command of a pirate, or can you not?

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: [to Weatherby Swann] I think we've all arrived at a very special place. Spiritually, ecumenically, grammatically. Jack Sparrow: I want you to know that I was rooting for you. Know that. [to Commodore Norrington] Jack Sparrow: Elizabeth... it would never have worked between us darling. I'm sorry... Will... nice hat. Friends... This is the day that you will ALWAYS remember as the day that you... [backs up and trips over ledge]

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Murtogg: This dock is off-limits to civilians. Jack Sparrow: I'm terribly sorry, I didn't know. If I see one, I shall inform you immediately. [Jack makes to continue but is blocked by Murtogg and Mullroy] Jack Sparrow: Apparently there's some sort of high-toned and fancy to-do up at the fort, eh? How could it be that two upstanding gentlemen, such as yourselves, did not merit an invitation? Murtogg: Someone's got to make sure that this dock stays off-limits to civilians. Jack Sparrow: It's a fine goal, to be sure. But it seems to me... that a ship like that one, makes this one here seem a bit superfluous, really. Murtogg: Oh, the Dauntless is the power in these waters, true enough. But there's no ship as can match the Interceptor for speed. Jack Sparrow: I've heard of one, supposed to be very fast, nigh uncatchable: The Black Pearl. Mullroy: Well, there's no real ship as can match the Interceptor. Murtogg: The Black Pearl is a real ship. Mullroy: No, it's not. Murtogg: Yes it is, I've seen it. Mullroy: You've seen it? Murtogg: Yes. Mullroy: You haven't seen it. Murtogg: Yes, I have. Mullroy: You've seen a ship with black sails that's crewed by the damned, and captained by a man so evil that Hell itself spat him back out? Murtogg: No. Mullroy: No. Murtogg: But I have seen a ship with black sails. [Jack quietly slips passed them unnoticed] Mullroy: Oh, and no ship that's not crewed by the damned and captained by a man so evil that Hell itself spat him back out could possibly have black sails, therefore couldn't possibly be any other ship than the Black Pearl. Is that what you're telling me? Murtogg: [nods] No. Mullroy: Like I said, there's no real ship as can match the Interceptor.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: [looking at all the swords] Who makes all these? Will Turner: I do. And I practice with them three hours a day. Jack Sparrow: You need to find yourself a girl, mate. Or perhaps the reason you practice three hours a day is that you already found one, and are otherwise incapable of wooing said strumpet. You're not a eunuch are you? Will Turner: I practice three hours a day, so when I meet a pirate, I can kill it.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: One question about your business, boy, or there's no use going: This girl... how far are you willing to go to save her? Will Turner: I'd die for her. Jack Sparrow: Oh good. No worries then.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: A wedding? I love weddings. Drinks all around!

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: I love this song. Really bad eggs. Ooh. [falls] Jack Sparrow: When I get the Pearl back, I'm gonna teach it to the whole crew, and we'll sing it all the time. Elizabeth: And you'll be positively the most fearsome pirates in the Spanish Main. Jack Sparrow: Not just the Spanish Main, love. The entire ocean. The entire wo'ld. Wherever we want to go, we'll go. That's what a ship is, you know. It's not just a keel and a hull and a deck and sails, that's what a ship needs but what a ship is... what the Black Pearl really is... is freedom.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Elizabeth: Will, how many times must I ask you to call me Elizabeth? Will Turner: At least once more, Miss Swann, as always.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: [after Will draws his sword] Put it away, son. It's not worth you getting beat again. Will Turner: You didn't beat me. You ignored the rules of engagement. In a fair fight, I'd kill you. Jack Sparrow: That's not much incentive for me to fight fair, then, is it?

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [after Jack steals the Interceptor] Officer: That's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen. Norrington: So it would seem.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: Anamaria. [Anamaria slaps Jack] Will Turner: I suppose, you didn't deserve that one either? Jack Sparrow: No, that one I deserved. Anamaria: You stole my boat! Jack Sparrow: Actually... Anamaria: [Anamaria slaps Jack again] Jack Sparrow: Borrowed... borrowed without permission, but with every intention of bringing it back. Anamaria: But you didn't! Jack Sparrow: You'll get another one. Anamaria: I will. Will Turner: A better one. Jack Sparrow: A better one. Will Turner: That one. Jack Sparrow: What one? Will Turner: [Will looks at the Interceptor] Jack Sparrow: That one? Aye, that one. What say you to that? The Crew: Aye! Mr. Gibbs: No, it's frightful bad luck to have a woman aboard. Jack Sparrow: It would be far worse not to have her.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Elizabeth: Captain Barbossa , I am here to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal . Barbossa: There are a lot of long words in there, Miss; we're naught but humble pirates. What is it that you want? Elizabeth: I want you to leave and never come back. Barbossa: I'm disinclined to acquiesce to your request. Means "no". Elizabeth: Very well. I'll drop it. [dangles medallion over the sea] Barbossa: Me holds are burstin' with swag. That bit of shine matters to us? Why? Elizabeth: It's what you've been searching for. I recognized the ship. I saw it eight years ago on the crossing from England . Barbossa: Did ya, now? Elizabeth: Fine. Well, I suppose if it is worthless then there's no point in me keeping it. [it drops a bit, the pirates lunge forward] Barbossa: No! Ah. [chuckles] Barbossa: You have a name, Missy? Elizabeth: Elizabeth... Turner. I'm a maid in the Governor's household. Barbossa: Miss Turner...? [turns to face the pirates] Pintel: Bootstrap. Barbossa: And how does a maid come to own a trinket such as that? Family heirloom, perhaps? Elizabeth: I didn't steal it, if that's what you mean. Barbossa: Very well, you hand it over and we'll put your town to our rudder and ne'er return. Elizabeth: [she hands it over] Our bargain? [Barbossa walks away from her] Bo'sun: Still the guns and stow 'em, Signal the men, set the flags and make good to clear port. Elizabeth: Wait! You have to take me to shore. According to the Code of the Order of the Brethren... Barbossa: First, your return to shore was not part of our negotiations nor our agreement so I must do nothing. And secondly, you must be a pirate for the pirate's code to apply and you're not. And thirdly, the code is more what you'd call "guidelines" than actual rules. Welcome aboard the Black Pearl, Miss Turner .

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: Last time... I was here a grand total of three days, all right? Last time, the rum runners used this island as a cache, they came past and I was able to barter passage off. By the look of things, they've long been out of business. Probably have your bloody friend Norrington to thank for that. Elizabeth: So that's it, then? That's the secret, grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow. You spent three days lying on a beach drinking rum. Jack Sparrow: Welcome to the Caribbean, love.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Barbossa: Ten years you carry that pistol and now you waste your shot. Will Turner: He didn't waste it.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [Jack throws a bucket of water on sleeping Gibbs] Mr. Gibbs: Curse you for breathin' ya slack-jawed idiot. Mother's love. Jack. You should know better than to wake a man when he's sleepin'. Its bad luck. Jack Sparrow: Fortunately, I know how to counter it; the man who did the waking buys the man who was sleeping a drink; the man who was sleeping drinks it while listening to a proposition from the man who did the waking. Mr. Gibbs: Aye, that'll about do it. [Will throws more water on Mr. Gibbs] Mr. Gibbs: Blast! I'm already awake! Will Turner: That was for the smell.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Elizabeth: Whose side is Jack on? Will Turner: At the moment?

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Barbossa: [talking to Will Turner] Who are you? Jack Sparrow: No one. He's no one. Distant cousin of my aunt's nephew twice removed. Lovely singing voice. Eunuch.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [shouting during severe storm] Will Turner: How can we sail to an island that nobody can find with a compass that doesn't work? Mr. Gibbs: Aye, the compass doesn't point North. But we're not trying to find North, are we?

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Will Turner: She goes free. [points pistol at Barbossa] Barbossa: What's in your head, boy? Will Turner: She goes free! Barbossa: You've only got one shot, and we can't die. Jack Sparrow: [whispered to Will] Don't do anything stupid. Will Turner: You can't. I can. [points gun at himself] Jack Sparrow: Like that. Barbossa: Who are you? Jack Sparrow: [to Barbossa] No one. He's no one. A distant cousin of my aunt's nephew twice removed. Lovely singing voice, though - eunuch. Will Turner: My name is Will Turner. My father was Bootstrap Bill Turner. His blood runs in my veins. Ragetti: He's the spitting image of ol' Bootstrap Bill come back to haunt us. Will Turner: On my word do as I say, or I'll pull this trigger and be lost to Davy Jones' Locker. Barbossa: Name your terms, Mr. Turner. Will Turner: Elizabeth goes free. Barbossa: Yes, we know that one. Anything else? Jack Sparrow: [points at himself] Me! Will Turner: And the crew - the crew are not to be harmed.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [duelling with Jack, Barbossa suddenly throws away his sword] Barbossa: You can't beat me, Jack! [In reply, Jack stabs him with his sword. Barbossa simply sighs, pulls the blade out of his body and stabs Jack with it. He smiles as Jack totters - but is shocked when a shaft of moonlight turns Jack into a cursed skeleton of his former self...] Jack Sparrow: [examining his new form] That's interesting... Jack Sparrow: [to Barbossa, an Aztec coin dancing on his fingers] I couldn't resist, mate...

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Will Turner: We're going to steal a ship? That ship? Jack Sparrow: Commandeer. We're going to commandeer that ship. Nautical term.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [repeated line] Jack Sparrow: Savvy?

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [talking to the pirates while he's in jail] Jack Sparrow: Worry about your own fortunes, gentlemen. The deepest circle of hell is reserved for betrayers and mutineers. [pirate grabs Jack's throat to reveal a skeleton arm] Jack Sparrow: So, there is a curse? That's interesting. Koehler: You know nothing of hell. Jack Sparrow: That's VERY interesting.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: Stop blowing holes in my ship!

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: Move away. Will Turner: No. Jack Sparrow: Please move? Will Turner: No. I cannot just step aside and let you escape. Jack Sparrow: This shot was not meant for you.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Barbossa: So what now, Jack Sparrow? Are we to be two immortals locked in an epic battle until Judgment Day and trumpets sound? Jack Sparrow: Or you could surrender.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Barbossa: So you expect to leave me standing on some beach with nothing but a name and your word it's the one I need and watch you sail away on my ship? Jack Sparrow: No. I expect to leave you standing on some beach with absolutely no name at all, watching me sail away on *my* ship, and then I'll shout the name back to you. Savvy? Barbossa: But that still leaves us with the problem of me standing on some beach with naught but a name and your word it's the one I need. Jack Sparrow: Of the two of us, I am the only one who hasn't committed mutiny, therefore my word is the one we'll be trusting. Although, I suppose I should be thanking you because in fact, if you hadn't betrayed me and left me to die, I would have an equal share in that curse same as you. [bites into an apple] Jack Sparrow: Funny ol' world, i'n'it? [offers him an apple]

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [the other prisoners are whistling and calling for the dog with the keys in his mouth] Jack Sparrow: You can keep doing that forever, the dog is NEVER going to move. Seedy Looking Prisoner: Well excuse me if we haven't resorted ourselves to the gallows just yet.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Jack Sparrow: [upon seeing Elizabeth plunge into the ocean] Will you be saving her then? Mullroy: I can't swim. [Jack looks at Murtogg... no he won't do either] Jack Sparrow: Pride of the King's navy you are. Do not lose these.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Elizabeth: This is the fastest ship in the Caribbean. Anamaria: You can tell them that after they've caught us.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Barbossa: Why thank ye, Jack. Jack Sparrow: You're welcome. Barbossa: Oh, not you. We named the monkey Jack.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Elizabeth: You're pirates. Hang the code, and hang the rules. They're more like guidelines anyway.

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ [Jack sees Mr. Cotton's parot] Jack Sparrow: Well! I'm actually feeling rather good about this. I think we all arrived at a very special place eh? [Governor acts disgusted] Jack Sparrow: Spiritually. Ecumenically. Grammatically. [Walks over to Commondore] Jack Sparrow: I want you to know that I was rooting for you, mate. Know that. [Turns to Elizabeth] Jack Sparrow: Elizabeth. It would never have worked out between us, darling. [Elizabeth looks confused] Jack Sparrow: I'm sorry. Will. Nice hat. [Will smiles] Jack Sparrow: [Jack runs up to the edge of the balcony and turns to everybody] Friends! This is the day that you will always remember as the day that... [Falls off balcony]

§Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ¤ Elizabeth: I hardly believe in ghost stories, Captain Barbossa. Barbossa: Aye. That's exactly what I thought when first told of the tale. Buried in the island of the dead that which cannot be found except by those who already knows where it is. Find it, we did. And there be the chest... and inside, be the gold. We took them all! Spent 'em, traded 'em and fritted 'em away, for drink and food and pleasurable company. But the more we gave them away, the more we came to realize. The drink would not satisfy, food turned to ash in our mouths, nor the company in the world would harm or slake our lust. We are cursed men, Miss Turner. Compelled by greed, we were. But now, we are consumed by it.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: How can you talk if you haven't got a brain? The Scarecrow: I don't know! But some people without brains do an *awful* lot of talking, don't they? Dorothy: Yes, I guess you're right.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: And remember, my sentimental friend, that a heart is not judged by how much *you* love; but by how much you are loved by others.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: As for you, my galvanized friend, you want a heart. You don't know how lucky you are not to have one. Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable. The Tin Man: But, I... I still want one.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Miss Gulch: [stopping bicycle and getting off] Gale? Uncle Henry: Well, howdy, Miss Gulch. Miss Gulch: [comes into the Gale's yard] I want to see you and your wife right away about Dorothy. Uncle Henry: Dorothy? Well, what has Dorothy done? Miss Gulch: What she's done? I'm all but lame from the bite on my leg! Uncle Henry: You mean she bit you? Miss Gulch: No, her dog! Uncle Henry: Oh, she bit her dog, eh? [Uncle Henry lets go of the gate, it hits Miss Gulch on the backside] Miss Gulch: [exasperated] No!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Auntie Em: Almira Gulch, just because you own half the county doesn't mean that you have the power to run the rest of us. For 23 years, I've been dying to tell you what I thought of you, and now... well, being a Christian woman, I can't say it!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: Lions, and tigers, and bears! Oh, my!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ [Dorothy watches the Wicked Witch melt] The Wicked Witch of the West: [her final lines] You cursed brat! Look what you've done! I'm melting! melting! Oh, what a world! What a world! Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness? Oooooh, look out! I'm going! Oooooh! Ooooooh!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Scarecrow: I've got a plan to get in there. The Cowardly Lion: Great, he's got a plan. The Scarecrow: And you're going to lead us. The Cowardly Lion: Yeah!... me? The Scarecrow: Yes, you. The Cowardly Lion: I... I... I gotta get her out of *there*? The Tin Man: That's right. The Cowardly Lion: [determined] All right. I'll go in there for Dorothy. Wicked Witch or no Wicked Witch, guards or no guards, I'll tear them apart. I may not come out alive, but I'm going in there. There's only one thing I want you fellas to do. The Scarecrow, The Tin Man: What's that? The Cowardly Lion: Talk me out of it.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: Why, anybody can have a brain. That's a very mediocre commodity. Every pusillanimous creature that crawls on the Earth or slinks through slimy seas has a brain. Back where I come from, we have universities, seats of great learning, where men go to become great thinkers. And when they come out, they think deep thoughts and with no more brains than you have. But they have one thing you haven't got: a diploma.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: [has just arrived in Oz, looking around and awed at the beauty and splendor] Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas any more. Dorothy: [after a pause] We must be over the rainbow! [a bubble appears in the sky and gets closer and closer. It finally lands, then turns into Glinda the Good Witch wearing a spectacular pink dress and crown, holding a wand] Dorothy: [to Toto] Now I... I know we're not in Kansas!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wicked Witch of the West: Just try and stay out of my way. Just try! I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ [last lines] Dorothy: Oh, but anyway, Toto, we're home. Home! And this is my room, and you're all here. And I'm not gonna leave here ever, ever again, because I love you all, and - oh, Auntie Em - there's no place like home!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wicked Witch of the West: You stay out of this, Glinda! Or I'll fix you as well! Glinda: Oh-ho-ho-ho, rubbish! You have no power here! Now begone, before somebody drops a house on YOU. [Wicked Witch glances nervously at the sky]

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: Your Majesty, if you were king, you wouldn't be afraid of anything? The Cowardly Lion: Not nobody! Not nohow! The Tin Man: Not even a rhinoceros? The Cowardly Lion: Imposerous! Dorothy: How about a hippopotamus? The Cowardly Lion: Why, I'd thrash him from top to bottomus! Dorothy: Supposing you met an elephant? The Cowardly Lion: I'd wrap him up in cellophant! The Scarecrow: What if it were a brontosaurus? The Cowardly Lion: I'd show him who was king of the forest!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Munchkin Coroner: [singing] As Coroner I must aver, I thoroughly examined her, and she's not only merely dead, she's really most sincerely dead.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: [to the Lion] As for you, my fine friend, you're a victim of disorganized thinking. You are under the unfortunate delusion that simply because you run away from danger, you have no courage. You're confusing courage with wisdom.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: [to the Scarecrow] I think I'll miss you most of all.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: Back where I come from there are men who do nothing all day but good deeds. They are called phila... er, phila... er, yes, er, Good Deed Doers.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: [singing] Somewhere over the rainbow, bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow. Why then, oh why can't I? If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow, why oh why cant I?

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Cowardly Lion: Courage! What makes a king out of a slave? Courage! What makes the flag on the mast to wave? Courage! What makes the elephant charge his tusk in the misty mist, or the dusky dusk? What makes the muskrat guard his musk? Courage! What makes the sphinx the seventh wonder? Courage! What makes the dawn come up like thunder? Courage! What makes the Hottentot so hot? What puts the "ape" in apricot? What have they got that I ain't got? Dorothy, The Scarecrow, The Tin Man: Courage! The Cowardly Lion: You can say that again!... Huh?

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Scarecrow: I haven't got a brain... only straw. Dorothy: How can you talk if you haven't got a brain? The Scarecrow: I don't know... But some people without brains do an awful lot of talking... don't they? Dorothy: Yes, I guess you're right.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: Now which way do we go? The Scarecrow: Pardon me, this way is a very nice way. Dorothy: Who said that? [Toto barks at scarecrow] Dorothy: Don't be silly, Toto. Scarecrows don't talk. The Scarecrow: [points other way] It's pleasant down that way, too. Dorothy: That's funny. Wasn't he pointing the other way? The Scarecrow: [points both ways] Of course, some people do go both ways.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Scarecrow: Help! Help! Help! [Flying Monkeys leave; Tin Man and Lion find him] The Tin Man: Well, what happened to you? The Scarecrow: First they tore my legs off and they threw them over there! Then they took my chest out and they threw it over there...! The Tin Man: Oh, that's you all over! The Cowardly Lion: Sure knocked the stuffin' outta ya, didn't they? The Scarecrow: Don't stand there talking! Put me together! We've got to find Dorothy! [Tin Man and Lion start gathering up his straw]

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Scarecrow: The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side. Oh joy! Rapture! I got a brain! How can I ever thank you enough? The Wizard of Oz: Well, you can't.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: My! People come and go so quickly here!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Glinda: Only bad witches are ugly.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: My goodness, what a fuss you're making! Well naturally, when you go around picking on things weaker than you are, why, you're nothing but a great big coward! The Cowardly Lion: [crying] You're right, I am a coward! I haven't any courage at all. I even scare myself. [sobs] The Cowardly Lion: Look at the circles under my eyes, I haven't slept in weeks! The Tin Man: Why don't you try counting sheep? The Cowardly Lion: That doesn't do any good, I'm *afraid* of 'em! The Scarecrow: Aw, that's too bad.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Tin Man: What have you learned, Dorothy? Dorothy: Well, I - I think that it - it wasn't enough to just want to see Uncle Henry and Auntie Em - and it's that - if I ever go looking for my heart's desire again, I won't look any further than my own back yard. Because if it isn't there, I never really lost it to begin with! Is that right?

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Auntie Em: Now, you just help us out today and find yourself a place where you won't get into any trouble! Dorothy: Someplace where there isn't any trouble. Do you suppose there is such a place, Toto? There must be. It's not a place you can get to by a boat or a train. It's far, far away. Behind the moon, beyond the rain... [sings] Dorothy: Somewhere, over the rainbow, way up high, there's a land that I heard of once in a lullaby. Somewhere, over the rainbow, skies are blue... and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true. Someday I'll wish upon a star and wake up where the clouds are far behind me... where troubles melt like lemon drops, away above the chimney tops, that's where you'll find me... Somewhere, over the rainbow, bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow... why, then, oh why can't I? If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow... why oh why can't I?

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: Goodbye, Tin Man. Oh, don't cry! You'll rust so dreadfully. Here. Here's your oil can. [kisses him] Dorothy: Goodbye. The Tin Man: Now I know I've got a heart, 'cause it's breaking... Dorothy: Goodbye, Lion. You know, I know it isn't right, but I'm going to miss the way you used to holler for help before you found your courage. The Cowardly Lion: [tearfully] I never would've found it, if it hadn't been for you... Dorothy: [to Scarecrow] I think I'll miss you most of all.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: There's no place like home.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Cowardly Lion: I do believe in spooks, I do believe in spooks. I do, I do, I do, I do believe in spooks, I do believe in spooks, I do, I do, I do, I do! The Wicked Witch of the West: Ah! You'll believe in more than that before I'm finished with you.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: [sings] It really was no miracle. What happened was just this: the wind began to switch, the house, to pitch! And suddenly the hinges started to unhitch. Just then, the Witch, to satisfy an itch, went flying on her broomstick, thumbing for a hitch! Munchkin: [singing] And ooh, what happened then was rich! Munchkins: [singing] The house began to pitch, the kitchen took a slitch! It landed on the Wicked Witch in the middle of a ditch! Which, was not a happy si-tu-ation for the Wicked Witch!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Captain of the Winkie Guard: [after the Wicked Witch has melted] She's... She's dead. You killed her. Dorothy: I didn't mean to kill her. Really, I didn't. It's just that he was on fire. Captain of the Winkie Guard: Hail to Dorothy! The Wicked Witch is dead! The Winkies: [all kneel before Dorothy] *Hail*! Hail to Dorothy! The Wicked Witch is dead! Dorothy: The broom! May we have it? Captain of the Winkie Guard: [hands Dorothy the broomstick] Please. And take it with you. Dorothy: Oh, thank you so much! Now we can go back to the Wizard, and tell him the Wicked Witch is dead! The Winkies: The Wicked Witch is dead!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: As for you, my galvanized friend, you want a heart. You don't know how lucky you are not to have one. Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Cowardly Lion: Put 'em up, put 'em up! Which one of you first? I'll fight you both together if you want. I'll fight you with one paw tied behind my back. I'll fight you standing on one foot. I'll fight you with my eyes closed... ohh, pullin' an axe on me, eh? Sneaking up on me, eh? Why, I'll... Ruff!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Tin Man: Where do we go now? The Cowardly Lion: Yeah... [Toto barks] The Scarecrow: There! [they follow Toto up the stairs, he scratches at the door to the room with Dorothy] The Scarecrow: Wait, we better make sure. Dorothy, are you in there? It's us! Dorothy: [running to the door] Yes! It's me! She locked me in! The Cowardly Lion: Come on! We gotta get her out! Open the door! Dorothy: Oh hurry, please, hurry! The hourglass is almost empty! The Tin Man: Stand back! [he takes his axe to the door; it swings open just as the last sand trickles away] Dorothy: Oh! Oh Toto! Oh I knew you'd come! Oh Lion! Tin Man! You found my doggie! The Scarecrow: Hurry! We've got no time to lose! [they race down the stairs; the doors bang shut on them] The Wicked Witch of the West: [cackling] Leaving so soon? I wouldn't hear of it! Why, my little party's just beginning!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wicked Witch of the West: How about a little fire, Scarecrow? Crow! [she sets fire to his arm, Dorothy screams] The Scarecrow: Help, I'm burning, I'm burning! [Dorothy grabs a bucket] The Wicked Witch of the West: Don't touch that water! [Dorothy heaves the bucket at the fire, the water splashes the Witch] The Wicked Witch of the West: Aaagh! You cursed brat! Look what you've done! I'm melting! Melting! Oh, what a world, what a world! Who would have thought a good little girl like you could destroy my beautiful wickedness! Oh, look out! Look out! I'm going...! Ooooohhhhh, ooooooohhhhhhh...

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Cowardly Lion: [singing] I'd be brave as a blizzard... The Tin Man: [singing] I'd be gentle as a lizard... The Scarecrow: [singing] I'd be clever as a gizzard... Dorothy: [singing] If the Wizard is a wizard who will serve. The Scarecrow: [singing] Then I'm sure to get a brain... The Tin Man: [singing] A heart... Dorothy: [singing] A home... The Cowardly Lion: [singing] The nerve!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Wizard of Oz: They have one thing you haven't got: a diploma. Therefore, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Universitartus Committiartum E Pluribus Unum, I hereby confer upon you the honorary degree of ThD. The Scarecrow: ThD? The Wizard of Oz: That's... Doctor of Thinkology.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: [Toto is held hostage by the Witch and one of her monkeys] What are you gonna do to my dog? Give him back to me! The Wicked Witch of the West: All in good time, my little pretty. All in good time. Dorothy: Oh, please give me back my dog! The Wicked Witch of the West: Certainly, certainly. When you give me those slippers. Dorothy: But the Good Witch of the North told me not to! The Wicked Witch of the West: Very well. [to Flying Monkey] The Wicked Witch of the West: Throw that basket in the river and drown him! Dorothy: NO! No no, here... you can have your old slippers, but give me back Toto! The Wicked Witch of the West: That's a good little girl. I knew you'd see reason. [stooped to take the shoes but fire leaps out and burns her] The Wicked Witch of the West: Aagh! Dorothy: Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't do it! Can I still have my dog? The Wicked Witch of the West: No! Fool that I am! I should have remembered; those slippers will never come off, as long as you're alive. But that's not what's worrying me. It's *how* to do it. These things must be done *delicately*, or you hurt the spell. [Toto leaps from the basket and runs for it] Dorothy: Run Toto, RUN! The Wicked Witch of the West: Catch him! [Guards throw spears at Toto] Dorothy: Run, Toto, run! Run Toto, run! He got away! He got away! The Wicked Witch of the West: Which is more than you will! Drat you and your dog! You've been more trouble to me than you're worth one way or another, but it'll soon be over now! [grabs an hourglass and turns it over] The Wicked Witch of the West: See that? That's how much longer you've got to be alive! And it isn't long, my pretty, it isn't long! I can't wait forever to get those shoes!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Munchkin Mayor: Then this is a day of independence for all the Munchkins and their descendants! Munchkin: If any! Munchkin Mayor: Yes - let the joyous news be spread! The Wicked Old Witch at last is dead!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Gatekeeper: Who rang that bell? Dorothy, The Scarecrow, The Cowardly Lion, The Tin Man: [all four together] We did! The Gatekeeper: Can't you read? The Scarecrow: Read what? The Gatekeeper: The notice! Dorothy, The Scarecrow, The Cowardly Lion, The Tin Man: What notice? The Gatekeeper: It's on the door - as plain as the nose on my face! It... oh... [does a tsking, expression, goes inside door for a moment. He hangs the notice and goes back inside] Dorothy, The Scarecrow, The Cowardly Lion, The Tin Man: [Reading notice, all together] Bell out of order, please knock. [Dorothy knocks the door and he opens the window] The Gatekeeper: Well, that's more like it! Now, state your business! Dorothy, The Scarecrow, The Cowardly Lion, The Tin Man: [all together] We want to see the Wizard! The Gatekeeper: [gasps] The Wizard? But, nobody can see the Great Oz! Nobody's ever seen the Great Oz! Even, I've never seen him! Dorothy: Well, then how do you know there is one? The Gatekeeper: Because, he... I... Oh, you're wasting my time. [starts to close the window] Dorothy: Oh, please. Please, sir. I've got to see the Wizard. The Good Witch of the North sent me. The Gatekeeper: Prove it. The Scarecrow: She's wearing the ruby slippers, she gave her. The Gatekeeper: Oh, so she is! Well, bust my buttons! Why didn't you say that in the first place? That's a horse of a different color! Come on in!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: Did you say something? [indiscernible sounds from the rusted Tin Man] Dorothy: He said oil can! The Scarecrow: Oil can what? Dorothy: Oil can...? What... Oh! Here it is! Where do you want to be oiled first? [Tin Man squeaks] The Scarecrow: He said his mouth! [they dab oil into the corners of Tin Man's mouth] The Tin Man: [working his mouth loose] Muh... ma... me... mah... my, my goodness, I can talk again! Oh, oil my arms please! Oil my elbows! [they do so, and help to wrench down the arm holding up the axe] Dorothy: [concerned] Oh, did that hurt? The Tin Man: No, it feels wonderful. I've held that axe up for ages.

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Cowardly Lion: [singing] If I were king of the fore-e-e-est / Not queen, not duke, not prince / My regal robes of the fore-e-e-est / Would be satin, not cotton, not chintz / I'd command each thing, whether fish or fowl / With a r-r-ruff and a r-r-ruff, and a royal growl - R-R-Ruff! / As I click my heels / All the trees would kneel / And the mountains bow / And the bulls kowtow / And the sparrow would take wing / If I, if I were ki-i-i-i-ng! / The rabbits would show respect to me / The chipmunks genuflect to me / Though my tail would lash / I would show compash / For every underling / If I, if I were king / Just ki-i-i-i-ing!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ The Gatekeeper: Orders are nobody can see the Great Oz! Not nobody, not nohow!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: [Reaches to pick an apple from the apple tree, the tree grabs the apple and slaps her hand] Ouch! Angry Apple Tree: What do you think you're doing? Dorothy: We've been walking a long ways and I was hungry and... did you say something? Angry Apple Tree: She was hungry! Apple Tree: [Repeating after The Angry Apple Tree] She was hungry! Angry Apple Tree: Well, how would you like to have someone come along and pick something off of you? Dorothy: Oh, dear! I keep forgetting I'm not in Kansas! The Scarecrow: [disparagingly] Come along, Dorothy. You don't want any of *those* apples! Hmph! Angry Apple Tree: Are you hinting my apples aren't what they ought to be? The Scarecrow: [sarcastically] Oh no! It's just that she doesn't like little green worms! Angry Apple Tree: Oh you! [the trees start shaking their branches angrily] The Scarecrow: [in Dorothy's ear] I'll show you how to get apples! [taunts the trees by making a face; the first tree throws an apple that knocks him down] Dorothy: [concerned] Oh! [the trees continue throwing apples] The Scarecrow: Hooray! I guess that did it! Help yourself!

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Dorothy: [as the Wizard's balloon goes off without her] Oh! Come back! Come back! Don't go without me! Please come back! The Wizard of Oz: I can't come back, I don't know how it works! Good-bye, folks! [the people shout and wave goodbye] Dorothy: Oh no, I'll never get home... [she begins to cry] The Cowardly Lion: [emotionally] Stay with us then, Dorothy. We all love ya. We don't... want you to go. Dorothy: Oh, that's very kind of you. But this could never be like Kansas. Auntie Em must have stopped wondering what happened to me by now! Oh, Scarecrow, what am I gonna do? The Scarecrow: [pointing] Look! Here's someone who can help you! [Glinda's pink bubble descends]

§The Wizard of Oz ¤ Glinda: Are you a good witch, or a bad witch? Dorothy: Who me? I'm not a witch at all. I'm Dorothy Gale, from Kansas. Glinda: Oh. Well, is that the witch? [pointing to Toto] Dorothy: Who, Toto? Toto's my dog! Glinda: [laughs] Well, I'm a little muddled! The Munchkins called me because a new witch has just dropped a house on the Wicked Witch of the East. And there's the house, and here you are, and that's all that's left of the Wicked Witch of the East. [she points to a pair of legs sticking out from under the house; Dorothy gasps] Glinda: So, what the Munchkins want to know is, are you a good witch, or a bad witch? Dorothy: But, I've already told you, I'm not a witch at all! Witches are old, and ugly! [they hear giggles] Dorothy: What was that? Glinda: The Munchkins. They're laughing because, I *am* a Witch. I'm Glinda, the Witch of the North. Dorothy: You are? [she curtsies] Dorothy: Oh, I beg your pardon! But, I've never heard of a beautiful witch before.

§The Incredibles ¤ Lucius: Honey? Honey: What? Lucius: Where's my super suit? Honey: What? Lucius: WHERE - IS - MY - SUPER SUIT? Honey: I, uh, put it away! [helicopter explodes outside] Lucius: *Where*? Honey: *Why* do you *need* to know? Lucius: I need it! [Lucius rummages through another room in his condo] Honey: Uh-uh! Don't you think about running off doing no derring-do! We've been planning this dinner for two months! Lucius: The public is in danger! Honey: My evening's in danger! Lucius: YOU TELL ME WHERE MY SUIT IS, WOMAN! We are talking about the greater good! Honey: 'Greater good?' I am your wife! I'm the greatest *good* you are ever gonna get!

§The Incredibles ¤ Dash: We're dead! We're dead! We survived but we're dead!

§The Incredibles ¤ Edna: I didn't know the baby's powers so I covered the basics. Helen: Jack-Jack doesn't have any powers. Edna: No? Well, he'll look fabulous anyway.

§The Incredibles ¤ Edna: This is a horrible suit, darling. You can't be seen in this. I won't allow it. Fifteen years ago, maybe, but now? Feh! Bob: Wait, what do you mean? *You* designed it. Edna: I never look back, darling! It distracts from the now.

§The Incredibles ¤ Helen: [sobbing] Now I'm losing him! What'll I do? What'll I do? Edna: What are you talking about? Helen: [stops crying] Huh? Edna: [shouts] You are Elastigirl! My God... [swatting Helen with a newspaper] Edna: Pull-yourself-together! "What will you do?" Is this a question? You will show him you remember that he is Mr. Incredible, and you will remind him who *you* are. Well, you know where he is. Go, confront the problem. Fight! Win! [normal voice] Edna: And call me when you get back, darling. I enjoy our visits.

§The Incredibles ¤ Edna: It will be bold! Dramatic! Bob: Yeah! Edna: Heroic! Bob: Yeah. Something classic, like, like Dynaguy. Oh, he had a great look! Oh, the cape and the boots... Edna: [throws a wadded ball of paper at Bob's head] No capes! Bob: Isn't that my decision? Edna: Do you remember Thunderhead? Tall, storm powers? Nice man, good with kids. Bob: Listen, E... Edna: November 15th of '58! All was well, another day saved, when... his cape snagged on a missile fin! Bob: Thunderhead was not the brightest bulb... Edna: Stratogale! April 23rd, '57! Cape caught in a jet turbine! Bob: E, you can't generalize about these things... Edna: Metaman, express elevator! Dynaguy, snagged on takeoff! Splashdown, sucked into a vortex! [shouts] Edna: No capes!

§The Incredibles ¤ Edna: [on Jack-Jack's suit] I cut it a little roomy for the free movement, the fabric is comfortable for sensitive skin... [a sheet of flame erupts in front of the suit] Edna: And it can also withstand a temperature of over 1000 degrees. Completely bulletproof... [four heavy machine guns appear and open fire on the suit, without effect] Edna: And machine washable, darling. That's a new feature.

§The Incredibles ¤ Bob: Weren't you in the news? Some show in, Prayge... Prague? Edna: Milan, darling. Milan. Supermodels. Heh! Nothing super about them... spoiled, stupid little stick figures with poofy lips who think only about themselves. Feh! I used to design for *gods*!

§The Incredibles ¤ Mr. Incredible: I was wrong to treat you that way. I'm sorry... Syndrome: See? Now you respect me, because I'm a threat. That's the way it works. Turns out there are lots of people, whole countries, that want respect, and will pay through the nose to get it. How do you think I got rich? I invented weapons, and now I have a weapon that only I can defeat, and when I unleash it... [Mr. Incredible throws a log at Syndrome, who dodges it and traps Mr. Incredible with his zero-point energy ray] Syndrome: Oh, ho ho! You sly dog! You got me monologuing! I can't believe it...

§The Incredibles ¤ Helen: Now it's perfectly normal... Violet: [interrupting] Normal? What do *you* know about normal? What does *anyone* in *this* family know about normal? Helen: Now wait a minute, young lady... Violet: We act normal, mom! I want to *be* normal! The only normal one is Jack-Jack, and he's not even toilet trained! [Jack-Jack blows a raspberry and bursts out laughing] Dash: Lucky... [Violet and Helen look askance at him] Dash: Uh, I meant about being normal.

§The Incredibles ¤ Dash: [answers door] Hey, Lucius! Lucius: Hey, Speedo, Helen, Vi, Jack-Jack. Bob: Hey, hey! ICE of you to drop by. Lucius: Ha! [unenthusiastically] Lucius: Never heard that one before.

§The Incredibles ¤ [to Mr. Incredible] Syndrome: Oh, no. Elastigirl? You married Elastigirl? Ho, ho, ho... [sees the kids] Syndrome: Oh - and got biz-zay! It's a whole family of supers! Looks like I hit the jackpot! Oh, this is just too good!

§The Incredibles ¤ Edna: [to Mr. Incredible] My God, you've gotten fat.

§The Incredibles ¤ Mr. Incredible: No matter how many times you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again. Sometimes I just want it to stay saved! You know, for a little bit? I feel like the maid; I just cleaned up this mess! Can we keep it clean for... for ten minutes!

§The Incredibles ¤ [In the RV, traveling to the mainland] Dash: Are we there yet? Mr. Incredible: We get there when we get there!

§The Incredibles ¤ Gilbert Huph: Look at me when I'm talking to you, Parr! Bob: [looking out the window] That man out there, he needs help! Gilbert Huph: Do not change the subject, Bob! We're discussing your attitude! Bob: *He* is getting *mugged*! Gilbert Huph: Well let's hope we don't cover him! Bob: [leaving] I'll be right back. Gilbert Huph: Stop right now, or you're fired! [Bob stops] Gilbert Huph: Close the door. [Bob closes door] Gilbert Huph: Get over here now. [Bob lets go of the doorknob, which has been crushed by his grip; he walks over to Huph] Gilbert Huph: I'm not happy, Bob. Not happy. Bob: [glancing out the window] He got away. Gilbert Huph: Good thing, too. You were this close to losing your jo... [Bob grabs Huph by the throat and throws him through the wall; he goes through several walls, to the shock of the other workers] Bob: Uh-oh.

§The Incredibles ¤ Syndrome: [watching live news footage of the Omnidroid] Huh? Huh? Oh, come on! You gotta admit, this is cool! Just like a movie: the robot will emerge dramatically, do some damage, throw some screaming people. And just when all hope is lost? Syndrome will save the day! I'll be a bigger hero than you ever were. Mr. Incredible: You mean you killed off real heroes so that you could *pretend* to be one? Syndrome: Oh, I'm real. Real enough to defeat *you*! And I did it without your precious gifts, your oh-so-special powers. I'll give them heroics. I'll give them the most spectacular heroics anyone's ever seen! And when I'm old and I've had my fun, I'll sell my inventions so that everyone can be superheroes. *Everyone* can be super! And when everyone's super... [laughs maniacally] Syndrome: ...*no one* will be.

§The Incredibles ¤ Syndrome: It's finally ready! You know, I went through quite a few supers to make it worthy to fight you, but man, it wasn't good enough! After you trashed the last one, I had to make some major modifications. Sure, it was difficult, but you are worth it. I mean, after all... I am your biggest fan. Mr. Incredible: [recognizing that last line] Buddy? Syndrome: My name is not Buddy! And it's not Incrediboy, either. That ship has sailed. All I wanted was to help you. I only wanted to help, and what do you say to me? Mr. Incredible: [Flashback] Fly home, Buddy. I work alone. Syndrome: It tore me apart. But I learned an important lesson. You can't count on anyone, especially your heroes.

§The Incredibles ¤ [Helen hands the kids two masks] Elastigirl: Put these on. Your identity is your most valuable possession. Protect it. And if anything goes wrong, use your powers. Violet: But you said never to use... Elastigirl: [snaps at her] I know what I said! [sighing] Elastigirl: Remember the bad guys on the shows you used to watch on Saturday mornings? Well, these guys aren't like those guys. They won't exercise restraint because you are children. They *will* kill you if they get the chance. Do *not* give them that chance.

§The Incredibles ¤ [Helen's plane is targeted by Syndrome's missiles] Elastigirl: India-Golf-Niner-Niner transmitting in the blind guard, disengage, repeat, *disengage*. [she releases anti-missile devices, begins evasive maneuvers] Elastigirl: Disengage, repeat, *disengage*! Mr. Incredible: No! Call off the missiles, I'll do anything! Syndrome: Too late! Fifteen years too late... Elastigirl: Friendlies, at two-zero miles south-southwest of your position, angels ten, track east, disengage, over! Vi! You have to put a force field around the plane! Violet: But you said we weren't supposed to use our powers! Elastigirl: I know what I said! Listen to what I'm saying *now*! Disengage, repeat, *disengage*! [missiles close in] Dash: [frightened] Mom? Elastigirl: *Violet*! Mayday, mayday, India-Golf-Niner-Niner is buddy spiked! Abort, abort, there are children aboard, say again, there are children aboard this plane! Mr. Incredible: NO! Elastigirl: [shouts] Put a field around us, *now*! Violet: [frightened] But I've never done one that big before...! Elastigirl: Violet, do it NOW! Abort, abort, abort! [the missiles close in, Violet tries to create a force field but can't] Elastigirl: Abort abort abort! [the missiles hit; Helen envelopes the children as the plane explodes around them]

§The Incredibles ¤ Old Man #1: Ya see that? That's the way to do it. That's old school. Old Man #2: Yeah. No school like the old school. Old Man #1: Yeah!

§The Incredibles ¤ Helen: E, it's great to see you, but I gotta tell you, I've got no idea what you're talking about. Edna: Yes, words are useless! Gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble-gobble! Too much of it, darling, too much! That is why I show you my work! That is why you are here!

§The Incredibles ¤ Mr. Incredible: Bomb Voyage. Bomb Voyage: Monsieur Incroyable! [Subtitles: Mr. Incredible...!] Buddy: And IncrediBoy! Bomb Voyage: [not French, but with an accent] IncrediBoy? Buddy: Hey, hey! Aren't you curious about how I get around so fast? See? I have these rocket boots! They're made from... Mr. Incredible: [cuts him off] Go home, Buddy. Buddy: What? Mr. Incredible: Now. Bomb Voyage: Petit naïf libe! [Subtitles: Little oaf...!] Buddy: Can we talk? [pulls Mr. Incredible off to the side] Buddy: You always, always say "Be true to yourself," but you never say which part of yourself to be true to! Well, I finally figured out who I am: I am your ward. IncrediBoy! Mr. Incredible: And now, you have officially carried it too far, Buddy. [grabs Bomb Voyage, who yells in surprise] Buddy: This is because I don't have powers, isn't it? Well, not every superhero has powers, you know. You can be super without them. I invented these. [points to his rocket boots] Buddy: I can fly! Can you fly? Mr. Incredible: Fly home, Buddy. I work alone. Bomb Voyage: Et ton tenue est complètement ridicule! [Subtitles: And your outfit is totally ridiculous!] Bomb Voyage: Can you just give me one chance? Look, I'll show you, I'll get the police! [Buddy runs off and Bomb Voyage puts the bomb on the cape] Mr. Incredible: Buddy, no! Buddy: It only take a second, really. Mr. Incredible: No, STOP! [He began to stop Buddy] Mr. Incredible: There's a bomb!

§The Incredibles ¤ [Bob is explaining an insurance policy loophole to a Mrs. Hogenson] Bob: [whispering] Alright, listen closely. I'd "like" to help you, but I can't. [hands her a pen and pad] Bob: I'd "like" to tell you to take a copy of your policy to Norma Wilcox on... [Mrs. Hogenson looks at him in confusion; he taps on the pad] Bob: Norma Wilcox, W-I-L-C-O-X... on the third floor, but I can't. [getting the idea, Mrs. Hogenson writes everything he says down] Bob: I also "do not" advise you to fill out and file a WS2475 form with our legal department on the second floor. I would "not" expect someone to get back to you quickly to resolve the matter. I'd "like" to help. [stands up, smiling] Bob: But there's nothing I can do. Mrs. Hogenson: Oh, thank you, young man! Bob: [panicked] Shh, shh, shh! [pokes his head over the top of his cubical] Bob: I'M SORRY, MA'AM! I KNOW YOU'RE UPSET! [whispering] Bob: Pretend to be upset. [playing along, Mrs. Hogenson leaves the cubical blubbering as Bob smiles victoriously]

§The Incredibles ¤ Helen: Dash... this is the third time this year you've been sent to the office. We need to find a better outlet. A more... constructive outlet. Dash: Maybe I could, if you'd let me go out for sports. Helen: Honey, you know why we can't do that. Dash: But I promise I'll slow up. I'll only be the best by a tiny bit. Helen: Dashiell Robert Parr, you are an incredibly competitive boy, and a bit of a show-off. The last thing you need is temptation. Dash: You always say 'Do your best', but you don't really mean it. Why can't I do the best that I can do? Helen: Right now, honey, the world just wants us to fit in, and to fit in, we gotta be like everyone else. Dash: But Dad always said our powers were nothing to be ashamed of, our powers made us special. Helen: Everyone's special, Dash. Dash: [muttering] Which is another way of saying no one is.

§The Incredibles ¤ Edna: You need a new suit, that much is certain. Bob: A new suit? Well, where the heck am I gonna get a new suit? Edna: You can't! It's impossible! I'm far too busy, so ask me now before I can become sane. Bob: Wait? You want to make me a suit? Edna: You push too hard, darling! But I accept!

§The Incredibles ¤ [after seeing Jack-Jack's superhero outfit] Helen: What on earth do you think the baby will be doing? Edna: Well, I am sure I don't know, darling. Luck favors the prepared.

§The Incredibles ¤ Mr. Incredible: I should have told you I was fired, I admit it. But I didn't want you to worry. Elastigirl: You didn't want me to *worry*? And now we're running for our lives through some godforsaken jungle? Mr. Incredible: [grinning happily] You keep trying to pick a fight, but I'm still just happy you're alive.

§The Incredibles ¤ Principal: I appreciate you coming down here, Mrs. Parr. [Mrs. Parr looks at Dash] Helen: What is this about? Has Dash done something wrong? Bernie Kropp: He's a disruptive influence and he openly mocks me in front of the class. Dash: He says. Bernie Kropp: [to Dash] Look, I know it's you! [to Helen] Bernie Kropp: He puts thumbtacks on my stool. Helen: You saw him do this? Bernie Kropp: Well, not real... No, actually not. Helen: Then, how do you know it was him? Bernie Kropp: I hid a camera. [has the videotape, Dash gasps and looks at Helen, glaring at him] Bernie Kropp: And this time I got him. [Plays the videotape of Bernie goes back into the chair. Dash puts a tack on his chair while he's sitting down. Bernie screams and students laugh] Bernie Kropp: See? You see? [Helen, Dash and Principal squinting their eyes, while Bernie rolls his eyes] Bernie Kropp: What, you don't see it? [groans, rewinds the tape] Bernie Kropp: He moves! Right there! Wait, wait... Right there! Right as I'm sitting down! I don't know, I don't know how he does it. But, there's no tack on my stool before he moves and after he moves, there's a tack! Coincidence? I think not! Principal: Uh... Bernie? Bernie Kropp: Don't "Bernie" me! This little rat is guilty! Principal: You and your son may go now, Mrs. Parr. I'm sorry for the trouble. [Helen and Dash leaving the Principal's Office, Bernie is in clear shocked] Bernie Kropp: You're letting him go again? He's guilty! You can see it in his smug little face. Guilty, I say! Guilty! Guilty! No!

§The Incredibles ¤ Boy on Tricycle: [after watching the Parr Family defeat Syndrome over their house] Oh, man... [shouts] Boy on Tricycle: That was totally wicked!

§The Incredibles ¤ [Helen emerges from the restroom after changing into her superhero costume, and tosses her bag onto an apparantley empty seat] Violet: Ow! Elastigirl: Violet! Violet: [becomes visible] It's not my fault! Dash ran away and I knew I'd get blamed for it... Dash: [pops up] THAT'S NOT TRUE! Elastigirl: Dash! Violet: [over him] And I thought he'd try to sneak on the plane so I came in... Dash: [over her] You said, "Something's up with Mom, we have to find out what!" Violet: ...And then you closed the doors before I could find him... Dash: ...It was YOUR idea, YOUR idea-! Violet: ...AND IT'S NOT MY FAULT! Dash: ...100 percent, all yours, all the time IDEA! Elastigirl: Wait a minute, wait a minute! You left Jack-Jack ALONE? Violet: Yes Mom, I'm completely stupid - OF COURSE we got a sitter... Dash: [over her] No, we got someone, Mom! Somebody great! We wouldn't do that! Violet: [over him] Do you think I'm totally irresponsible? Thanks a lot!

§The Incredibles ¤ Mr. Incredible: Wait here and stay hidden. I'm going in. Elastigirl: While what? I watch helplessly from the sidelines? I don't think so. Mr. Incredible: I'm asking you to wait with the kids. Elastigirl: And I'm telling you, not a chance. You're my husband, I'm with you - for better or worse. Mr. Incredible: I have to do this alone. Elastigirl: What is this to you? Playtime? Mr. Incredible: No. Elastigirl: So you can be Mr. Incredible again? Mr. Incredible: No! Elastigirl: Then what? What is it? Mr. Incredible: I'm not... Elastigirl: Not what? Mr. Incredible: Not... I'm not strong enough. Elastigirl: Strong enough? And this will make you stronger? Mr. Incredible: Yes. No! Elastigirl: That's what this is? Some sort of work out? Mr. Incredible: [shouts] I can't lose you again! [calms down] Mr. Incredible: I can't. Not again. I'm not s-strong enough. Elastigirl: [kisses him] If we work together, you won't have to be. Mr. Incredible: I don't know what will happen... Elastigirl: Hey, c'mon. We're superheroes. What could happen?

§The Incredibles ¤ Elastigirl: This is the right hangar, but I don't see any jets. Mr. Incredible: A jet's not fast enough. Elastigirl: What's faster than a jet? Dash: Hey, how about a rocket? Elastigirl: Great. I can't fly a rocket. Violet: You don't have to. Use the coordinates from the last launch. Mr. Incredible: Oh, wait. I bet Syndrome's changed the password by now. How do I get into the computer? Mirage: [Over PA system] Say please.

§The Incredibles ¤ [going through an identification process] Edna: Edna Mode... [laser guns point at Helen] Edna: ...and guest. [laser guns retract]

§The Incredibles ¤ [as the cops burst into the jewelry store where Bob and Lucius are, Lucius reaches for a water cooler to replenish his freezing powers] Police Officer: Freeze! Lucius: I'm thirsty. Police Officer: I said freeze! Lucius: I'm just getting a drink. [takes the cup to his lips and drinks] Police Officer: Okay, you had your drink. Now, I want you to... Lucius: I know, I know. Freeze. Police Officer: [freezes the cop]

§The Incredibles ¤ Helen: [on the phone] I'd like to speak to Edna, please. Edna: This is Edna. Helen: E? This is Helen. Edna: Helen who? Helen: Helen Parr. You know... [sighs] Helen: [whispers] Elastigirl. Edna: [booming] DARLING! How are you, it's been such a long time... Helen: [nearly dropping the phone] Yes, yes, it's been a while. Listen, there's only one person who Bob would trust to patch a super suit, and that's you, E. Edna: Yes, yes, marvelous suit, darling, much better than those horrible pajamas he used to wear. Helen: Huh? Edna: They're all finished, when are you coming to see? Helen: Look, I'm calling about... Edna: Don't make me beg, darling, I won't do it, you know! Helen: [trying to talk over Edna] Beg? Uh, no, I'm, I'm calling about a suit, about, about Bob's suit. I'm calling about Bob's suit! Edna: You come in one hour darling, I insist, okay? Okay, bye-bye. [Helen is left holding the phone, looking puzzled]

§The Incredibles ¤ Mirage: He's not weak, you know. Syndrome: What? Mirage: Valuing life is not weakness. Syndrome: Oh, hey, look, look, if you're talking about what happened in the containment unit, I had everything under control. Mirage: And disregarding it is not strength. Syndrome: Look, I called his bluff, sweetheart, that's all. I knew he wouldn't have it in him to actually... Mirage: [through her teeth] Next time you gamble, bet *your own* life!

§The Incredibles ¤ [Bob notices the little boy on the tricycle staring at him for the second day in a row] Bob: Well, what are *you* waiting for? Little Boy on Tricycle: I don't know. Something amazing, I guess. Bob: [sighs] Me too, kid.

§The Incredibles ¤ Frozone: Superladies? They're always trying to tell you their secret identity... think it'll strengthen the relationship or something like that. I say, "Girl, I don't wanna know about your mild-mannered alter ego or anything like that. I mean, you tell me you're, uh... S-Super, Mega, Ultra Lightning Babe, that's alright with me. I'm good... I'm good.

§The Incredibles ¤ Helen: Dash, do have something you want to tell your father about school? Dash: [nervously] Oh, uh... Well, we dissected a frog... Helen: Dash got sent to the office again. Bob: [distracted] Good, good. Helen: No, Bob. That's bad. Bob: What? Helen: Dash got sent to the office again. Bob: What? What for? Dash: Nothing! Helen: He put a tack on the teacher's chair. *During* class. Dash: Nobody saw me. You could barely see it on the tape. Bob: They caught you on tape and you still got away with it? Whoa! You must have been booking! How fast do you think you were going? Helen: Bob, we are not encouraging this!

§The Incredibles ¤ Syndrome: You, sir, truly are Mr. Incredible. You know, I was right to idolize you? I always knew you were tough, but tricking the probe by hiding under the bones of another super? Oh, MAN! I'm still geeking out about it! [sigh] Syndrome: And then you just had to go and ruin the ride. I mean, Mr. Incredible calling for help? [Mocking voice] Syndrome: Help me! Help me! Lame, lame, lame, lame, *lame*!

§The Incredibles ¤ Bob: E, I just need a patch job. For... sentimental reasons. Edna: Fine. I will also fix the hobo suit. Bob: You're the best of the best, E Edna: [Walking up stairs] Yes, I know, dahling.

§The Incredibles ¤ Gilbert Huph: I'm not happy, Bob. Not happy. Ask me why. Bob: Okay. Why? Gilbert Huph: Why what? Be specific, Bob. Bob: Why are you unhappy? Gilbert Huph: Your customers make me unhappy. Bob: Why? Have you gotten complaints? Gilbert Huph: Complaints I can handle. What I can't handle is your customers' inexplicable knowledge of Insuricare's inner workings. They're experts! Experts, Bob! Exploiting every loophole! Dodging every obstacle! They're penetrating the bureaucracy!

§The Incredibles ¤ Lucius: [Bob and Lucius are sitting in a parked car, reminiscing] So now I'm in deep trouble. I mean, one more jolt of this death ray and I'm an epitaph. Somehow I manage to find cover and what does Baron von Ruthless do? Bob: [laughing] He starts monologuing. Lucius: He starts monologuing! He starts like, this prepared speech about how *feeble* I am compared to him, how *inevitable* my defeat is, how *the world* *will soon* *be his*, yadda yadda yadda. Bob: Yammering. Lucius: Yammering! I mean, the guy has me on a platter and he won't shut up!

§The Incredibles ¤ Frozone: Just like old times, huh Bob? Mr. Incredible: [slapping him in the back] Just like old times. Frozone: Ha-ha, yeah. Hurt then, too. Ow.

§The Incredibles ¤ Elastigirl: I think your father is in trouble. Violet: If you haven't noticed, Mom, we're not doin' so hot either.

§The Incredibles ¤ Elastigirl: [on Jack-Jack] All right, well, who'd you get? [scene switch to the Parr home] Kari: You don't have to worry about one single thing, Mrs. Parr. I've got this baby-sitting thing wired. I've taken courses and learned CPR, and I've got excellent marks and certificates I can produce on demand. Elastigirl: Kari? Kari: I also brought Mozart to play while he sleeps to make him smarter because leading experts say Mozart makes babies smarter. Elastigirl: Kari... Kari: ...And the beauty part is the babies don't even have to listen 'cause they're asleep! You know, I wish my parents played Mozart when I slept because half the time I don't even know what the heck anyone's talking about! Elastigirl: Kari, I really don't feel comfortable with this. I'll pay you for your trouble but I'd really rather call a service. Kari: Oh, there's really no need, Mrs. Parr. I can totally handle anything this baby can dish out. [to Jack-Jack] Kari: Can't I, little baby? Who can handle it? Who can handle it?

§The Incredibles ¤ Mr. Incredible: [yelling to Helen as she holds up the RV] How ya doin', honey? Elastigirl: [screaming back] Do I have to answer?

§The Incredibles ¤ Kari: [on phone message] Hi, this is Kari, sorry for freakin' out but your baby has *special needs*.

§The Incredibles ¤ Edna: Men at Robert's age are often unstable... prone to weakness. Helen: What are you saying? Edna: Do you know where he is? Helen: Of course... Edna: Do you *know* where he is?

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: [written into book] Happiness only real when shared.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: When you want something in life, you just gotta reach out and grab it.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: I read somewhere how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong... but to feel strong.

§Into the Wild ¤ [first title card] Title Card: There is a pleasure in the pathless woods; / There is a rapture on the lonely shore; / There is society, where none intrudes, / By the deep sea, and music in its roar; / I love not man the less, but Nature more... / - Lord Byron

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: The sea's only gifts are harsh blows, and occasionally the chance to feel strong. Now I don't know much about the sea, but I do know that that's the way it is here. And I also know how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong but to feel strong. To measure yourself at least once. To find yourself at least once in the most ancient of human conditions. Facing the blind deaf stone alone, with nothing to help you but your hands and your own head.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: Two years he walks the earth. No phone, no pool, no pets, no cigarettes. Ultimate freedom. An extremist. An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return, 'cause "the West is the best." And now after two rambling years comes the final and greatest adventure. The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual pilgrimage. Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking bring him to the Great White North. No longer to be poisoned by civilization he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild. - Alexander Supertramp May 1992

§Into the Wild ¤ [last lines] Christopher McCandless: What if I were smiling and running into your arms? Would you see then what I see now?

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: The core of man's spirit comes from new experiences.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: The freedom and simple beauty is too good to pass up...

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: Some people feel like they don't deserve love. They walk away quietly into empty spaces, trying to close the gaps of the past.

§Into the Wild ¤ Wayne Westerberg: Outdoorsman. What's your fascination with all that stuff? Christopher McCandless: I'm going to Alaska. Wayne Westerberg: Alaska, Alaska? Or city Alaska? Because they do have markets in Alaska. The city of Alaska. Not in Alaska. In the city of Alaska, they have markets. Christopher McCandless: No, man. Alaska, Alaska. I'm gonna be all the way out there, all the way fucking out there. Just on my own. You know, no fucking watch, no map, no axe, no nothing. No nothing. Just be out there. Just be out there in it. You know, big mountains, rivers, sky, game. Just be out there in it, you know? In the wild. Wayne Westerberg: In the wild. Christopher McCandless: Just wild! Wayne Westerberg: Yeah. What are you doing when we're there? Now you're in the wild, what are we doing? Christopher McCandless: You're just living, man. You're just there, in that moment, in that special place and time. Maybe when I get back, I can write a book about my travels. Wayne Westerberg: Yeah. Why not? Christopher McCandless: You know, about getting out of this sick society. Society! Wayne Westerberg: [coughs] Society! Society! Christopher McCandless: Society, man! You know, society! Cause, you know what I don't understand? I don't understand why people, why every fucking person is so bad to each other so fucking often. It doesn't make sense to me. Judgment. Control. All that, the whole spectrum. Well, it just... Wayne Westerberg: What "people" we talking about? Christopher McCandless: You know, parents, hypocrites, politicians, pricks. Wayne Westerberg: [taps Chris' head] This is a mistake. It's a mistake to get too deep into all that kind of stuff. Alex, you're a hell of a young guy, a hell of a young guy. But I promise you this. You're a young guy! Can't be juggling blood and fire all the time! [laughs]

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: You don't need human relationships to be happy, God has placed it all around us.

§Into the Wild ¤ Ron Franz: I'm going to miss you when you go. Christopher McCandless: I will miss you too, but you are wrong if you think that the joy of life comes principally from the joy of human relationships. God's place is all around us, it is in everything and in anything we can experience. People just need to change the way they look at things. Ron Franz: Yeah. I am going to take stock of that. You know I am. I want to tell you something. From bits and pieces of what you have told me about your family, your mother and your dad... And I know you have problems with the church too... But there is some kind of bigger thing that we can all appreciate and it sounds to me you don't mind calling it God. But when you forgive, you love. And when you love, God's light shines through you. Christopher McCandless: Holy shit!

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: It should not be denied that being footloose has always exhilarated us. It is associated in our minds with escape from history and oppression and law and irksome obligations. Absolute freedom. And the road has always led west.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: You are really good. I mean, you're like, a hundred thousand times better than like any apple I've ever had. I'm not Superman, I'm Supertramp and you're super apple. You're so tasty, you're so organic, so natural. You are the apple of my eye, ha!

§Into the Wild ¤ Carine McCandless: [voice-over] The year Chris graduated high school, he bought the Datsun used and drove it cross-country. He stayed away most of the summer. As soon as I heard he was home, I ran into his room to talk to him. In California, he'd looked up some old family friends. He discovered that our parents' stories of how they fell in love and got married were calculated lies masking an ugly truth. When they met, Dad was already married. And even after Chris was born, Dad had had another son with his first wife, Marcia, to whom he was still legally married. This fact suddenly redefined Chris and me as bastard children. Dad's arrogance made him conveniently oblivious to the pain he caused. And Mom, in the shame and embarassment of a young mistress, became his accomplice in deceit. The fragility of crystal is not a weakness but a fineness. My parents understood that a fine crystal glass had to be cared for or it may be shattered. But when it came to my brother, they did not seem to know or care that their course of secret action brought the kind of devastation that could cut them. Their fraudulent marriage and our father's denial of his other son was, for Chris, a murder of every day's truth. He felt his whole life turn, like a river suddenly reversing the direction of its flow, suddenly running uphill. These revelations struck at the core of Chris' sense of identity. They made his entire childhood seem like fiction. Chris never told them he knew and made me promise silence, as well.

§Into the Wild ¤ [last title cards] Title Card: In memory / Christopher Johnson McCandless / February 12, 1968 - August 18, 1992 Title Card: Two weeks after Chris's death, moose hunters discovered his body in the bus. [This self-portrait was found undeveloped in his camera] Title Card: On September 19, 1992, Carine McCandless flew with her brother's ashes from Alaska to the eastern seaboard. She carried them with her on the plane... in her backpack. Title Card: The filmmakers thank Jon Krakauer for his guidance and gratefully acknowledge Walt, Billie, Carine and the entire McCandless family for their brave support in the making of this film.

§Into the Wild ¤ Carine McCandless: With almost a year having passed since Chris' disappearance my parents' anger had turned to desperation. Their guilt was giving way to pain. And pain seemed to bring them closer. Even their faces had changed. She convinces herself it's Chris, that's her son whenever she passes a stray. And I fear for the mother in her. Instincts that seem to sense the threat of a loss so huge and irrevocable that the mind balks at taking its measure. I had begun to wonder if I can understand what Chris is saying any longer. But I catch myself and remember that these are not the parents I grew up with. That people soften by the forced reflection that comes with loss. Still everything Chris is saying has to be said. And I trust that everything he is doing has to be done. This is our life.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: If I wanted to paddle down the river, where's the best place to launch out of? Ranger Steve Koehler: To *launch* out of?

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: What if I were smiling and running into your arms? Would you see then what I see now?

§Into the Wild ¤ Ron Franz: What does the "N" stand for? Christopher McCandless: North. Ron Franz: [sounding surprised and frustrated] Alaska?

§Into the Wild ¤ Rainey: You're an industrious little fucker, aren't cha?

§Into the Wild ¤ Rainey: That poor girl's about ready to vault herself onto a fencepost.

§Into the Wild ¤ Ranger Steve Koehler: Next available is May 17, 2003. Christopher McCandless: 12 years? Twelve years - to paddle down a river?

§Into the Wild ¤ Carine McCandless: Chris was writing his story, and it had to be Chris who would tell it.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: I don't need a new car, I don't want a new car, I don't want anything, any of these things, things, things, things.

§Into the Wild ¤ Carine McCandless: The fragility of crystal is not a weakness but a fineness.

§Into the Wild ¤ Rainey: Well my friend, all is not well on the hippie front.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: [mimicking his parents fight] No, Billie. I told you once. Don't make me tell you again. Okay? Okay? You hear me? You hear me, woman? You hear me, woman? Huh? You hear me, woman? Sorry. Sorry, Walt. I'm sorry.

§Into the Wild ¤ Walt McCandless: Don't you walk away from me, woman! Woman! Billie McCandless: Kids! Look what your dad is doing to me! Walt McCandless: For God's sake, look what your mother is making me do! Billie McCandless: Fuck you! I hate you! Walt McCandless: There ain't gonna be no party. I'm gonna cancel Christmas this year. Billie McCandless: Cancel Christmas? Who do you think you are? God? Walt McCandless: That's right! I'm God!

§Into the Wild ¤ [first lines] Christopher McCandless: Mom! Mom! Help me.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: I mean, you're really good. I mean, you're like 100,000 times better than, like, any apple I've ever had. I'm not Superman, I'm Supertramp. You're Superapple. You're so tasty. You're so organic, so natural. You're the apple of my eye.

§Into the Wild ¤ Singing Voiceover: Such is the way of the world You can never know Just where to put all your faith And how will it grow? Gonna rise up Burning back holes in dark memories Gonna rise up Turning mistakes into gold Hey! Such is the passage of time Too fast to fold And suddenly swallowed by signs Lo and behold Gonna rise up Find my direction magnetically Gonna rise up Throw down my ace in the hole

§Into the Wild ¤ Carine McCandless: I wondered why he hadn't tried to call in case I might answer. He could've hung up if it wasn't me. Why wouldn't he send a letter, maybe through a friend? It hurt a little, but I told myself it was good. He knew I loved him enough to bear with the not knowing. And it helped me remember that there was something more than rebellion, more than anger that was driving him. Chris had always been driven, had always been an adventurer. When he was four years old, he once wandered six blocks away from home at 3: 00 in the morning. He was found in a neighbor's kitchen up on a chair, digging through their candy drawer. Whatever drawer he was opening now must have something pretty sweet in it.

§Into the Wild ¤ Singing Voiceover: It's a mystery to me We have a greed With which we have agreed You think you have to want more than you need Until you have it all you won't be freed Society, you're a crazy breed I hope you're not lonely without me When you want more than you have You think you need And when you think more than you want Your thoughts begin to bleed I think I need to find a bigger place 'Cause when you have more than you think You need more space Society, you're a crazy breed I hope you're not lonely without me Society, crazy indeed I hope you're not lonely without me

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: There was clearly felt the presence of a force not bound to be kind to man. It was a place of heathenism and superstitious rites, to be inhabited by men nearer of kin to the rocks and to the wild animals than we.

§Into the Wild ¤ Christopher McCandless: [Reading from Leo Tolstoy's Family Happiness and other stories, 1859, Part 1, Chapter V] I have lived through much, and now I think I have found what is needed for happiness. A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books , music, love for one's neighbor - such is my idea of happiness. And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire?

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Ken: [Talking in Japanese] It's been a year, hasn't it? I wake up sometimes in the middle of the night and think about Parker. He was a good friend. I understand how you feel. Hachi, my friend, Parker is never coming home. But if Hachiko wants to wait, then Hachiko should wait. You want to wait for him, don't you? Have a long life, Hachi.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Cate Wilson: Hachi? Hachi? Oh, old thing! You're still waiting. That's right. If it's all right, could I wait with you for the next train? Yeah? Thanks.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Parker Wilson: I'm a lot older than you but I tend to think that there's an element of music that cannot be captured. Life cannot be captured. Human heart cannot be captured. The moment of creation itself is fleeting.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ [last lines] Title Card: The real Hachiko was born in Odate Japan in 1923. When his master, Dr. Eisaburo Ueno, a professor at Tokyo University died in May, 1925, Hachi returned to the Shibuya train station the next day, and for the next nine years to wait. Hachiko died died in March, 1934. Today, a bronze statue of Hachiko sits in his waiting spot outside the Shibuya railroad station.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Ken: I understand how you feel. Hachi, my friend, Parker is never coming home. But if Hachiko wants to wait, then Hachiko should wait. Have a long life Hachi.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Ronnie - 11 years: I never met my grandfather, he died when I was just a little baby. But when I hear about him and Hachi, I feel like I know him. They taught me the meaning of loyalty. That you should never forget anyone that you loved. And that's why Hachi will forever be my hero. [class applauds]

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Carl: Look, you don't have to wait anymore. He's not coming back.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ [first lines] Heather: So even if Columbus got lost and wasn't the first to discover America, he's still my hero. He was really brave to sail in such a tiny ship over a really big ocean. And because of him, we get Columbus Day off of school. Teacher: Thank you Heather. Uh, Ronnie? Tell us about your hero. Ronnie - 11 years: [writes HACHIKO on the blackboard] Hachiko was my grandfather Wilson's dog. Everyone called Hachi a mystery dog because they never really knew where he came from. Maybe Hachi escaped from a dog pound. Or maybe he jumped out of somebody's car some place far away, like Florida or New Jersey. But no matter how, Hachi was lost.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Andy Wilson: Hey. You know we love you, Hachi. We want you to stay here with us. If you have to go... that's okay too. Good-bye, Hachi.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Ronnie - 11 years: Where did Grandpa find Hachi? Cate Wilson: Ronnie, actually, Hachi found your grandfather.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Ken: Cate... Cate Wilson: Ken... [silent for a while] Cate Wilson: It's been a while. Ken: It certainly has. Cate Wilson: It's ten years. Can you believe it?

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Parker Wilson: You want a dog? Jasjeet: I prefer cash. Parker Wilson: He would make a great guard dog for you. Jasjeet: A guard dog to guard the hot dogs? I don't think so.

§Hachi: A Dog's Tale ¤ Carl: [about vendor] Oh, you better be careful, Hachi. He's got hot dogs in there that are older than you.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: [disguised as Professor Siletsky - speaking about Maria Tura] Her husband is that great, great Polish actor, Josef Tura. You've probably heard of him. Colonel Ehrhardt: Oh, yes. As a matter of fact I saw him on the stage when I was in Warsaw once before the war. Joseph Tura: Really? Colonel Ehrhardt: What he did to Shakespeare we are now doing to Poland.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: It's becoming ridiculous the way you grab attention. Whenever I start to tell a story, you finish it. If I go on a diet, you lose the weight. If I have a cold, you cough. And if we should ever have a baby, I'm not so sure I'd be the mother. Josef Tura: I'm satisfied to be the father.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: If I shouldn't come back, I forgive you what happened between you and Sobinski. But if I come back, it's a different matter.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ [repeated line] Joseph Tura: [disguised as Colonel Ehrhardt] So they call me Concentration Camp Ehrhardt?

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ [Stage Manager calls over Make-Up manager, unsatisfied with the actor's appearance] Makeup Man: What's wrong with it? Stage Manager: I don't know... it's not convincing. To me, he's just a man with a little mustache. Makeup Man: But so is Hitler. Crowd: [Mumbling in agreement]

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Greenberg: Mr. Rawitch, what you are, I wouldn't eat. Rawitch: How dare you call me a ham!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: Someone walked out on me. Tell me, Maria, am I losing my grip? Maria Tura: Oh, of course not, darling. I'm so sorry. Joseph Tura: But he walked out on me. Maria Tura: Maybe he didn't feel well. Maybe he had to leave. Maybe he had a sudden heart attack. Joseph Tura: I hope so. Maria Tura: If he stayed he might have died. Joseph Tura: Maybe he's dead already! Oh, darling, you're so comforting.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Colonel Ehrhardt: They named a brandy after Napoleon, they made a herring out of Bismarck, and the Fuhrer is going to end up as a piece of cheese!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: Oh, darling, you were right this morning. I felt so rotten after the rehearsal that I went to Dobash and told him when he advertises the new play to put your name first. Maria Tura: Did you, darling? Oh, that's sweet of you; but, I really don't care. Joseph Tura: That's what Dobosh said, so we left it as it was.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: Wait a minute. I'll decide with whom my wife is going to have dinner and whom she's going to kill. Maria Tura: Don't you realize Poland's at stake? Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: Have you no patriotism? Joseph Tura: Now listen, you... first you walk out on my soliloquy and then you walk into my slippers. And now you question my patriotism. I'm a good Pole and I love my country and I love my slippers. Maria Tura: Well, I hope your country comes first. Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: So do I. Maria Tura: This is an emergency! War! Joseph Tura: Look, look, look, I don't know much about the whole thing... but is this Siletsky a real danger to Poland? Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: A catastrophe! Maria Tura: He must be taken care of! Joseph Tura: Then he will be taken care of. Maria Tura: Well, who's gonna do it? Joseph Tura: I'm gonna do it. Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: But how? Maria Tura: Where? Joseph Tura: I'm gonna meet Herr Siletsky at Gestapo headquarters. And after I've killed him I hope you'll be kind enough to tell me what it was all about!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Professor Alexander Siletsky: Shall we drink to a blitzkrieg? Maria Tura: I prefer a slow encirclement.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Greenberg: You want my opinion, Mr. Dobosh? Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: No, Mr. Greenberg, I do *not* want your opinion. Greenberg: All right... let me give you my reaction.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: [referring to Siletsky] Now you take him back to the hotel. Joseph Tura: Alright. Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: As soon as you're in his room, you hit him over the head with the butt of the gun. Joseph Tura: Alright. Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: Then you take his keys, open his trunk and burn the papers. And then you shoot him. Joseph Tura: Alright. [starts to leave - then comes back] Joseph Tura: Just a minute... what'll happen to me? They'll kill me. Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: Well... we're going to keep our fingers crossed. Joseph Tura: Good. [starts to leave again - then comes back] Joseph Tura: Hey, wait a minute... you go to the hotel and I'll cross my fingers.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: [disguised as Colonel Ehrhardt] I can't tell you how delighted we are to have you here. Professor Alexander Siletsky: May I say, my dear Colonel, that it's good to breathe the air of the Gestapo again. You know, you're quite famous in London, Colonel. They call you Concentration Camp Ehrhardt. Joseph Tura: Ha ha. Yes, yes... we do the concentrating and the Poles do the camping.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: No, no, no. I think we've talked much too much about me. Tell me about yourself. Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: Well, there isn't much to tell. I just fly a bomber. Maria Tura: Oh, how perfectly thrilling! Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: I don't know about it being thrilling. But it's quite a bomber. You might not believe it, but I can drop three tons of dynamite in two minutes. Maria Tura: Really? Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: Does that interest you? Maria Tura: It certainly does.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: [to Joseph] You're the greatest actor in the world. Everybody knows that, including you.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: [Talking about who sent the flowers] It's true, Anna, I don't know who it is; but, I'm positive who it might be. Anna: You mean that young aviator? Maria Tura: Yes, he's very young. He's in the second row again. He gets better-looking every night... Don't misunderstand me. I love my husband dearly, and why not? He's wonderful. Only he gets so unreasonable, so upset about little things. Anna: Like the little thing in the second row.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Anna: What a husband doesn't know won't hurt his wife.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: It's unbelievable! Unbelievable! I come home to find a man in the same boat with me and my wife says to me, "What does it matter?" Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: But, Mr. Tura, it's the 'zero hour'. Maria Tura: You certainly don't want me to waste a lot of time giving you a long explanation. Joseph Tura: No, but I think a husband is entitled to an inkling.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Rawitch: Well? What have you to say for yourself now? Here is a man with a beard, and you didn't even pull it!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: [disguised as Professor Siletsky] Well, Colonel, all I can say is... you can't have your cake and shoot it, too.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: If we can manage that Greenberg suddenly pops up among all those Nazis... Greenberg: It'll get a terrific laugh. [a line he says several times earlier in the film]

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: Think of me being flogged in the darkness, scream, suddenly the lights go on and the audience discovers me on the floor in this gorgeous dress!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Greenberg: A laugh is nothing to be sneezed at.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ [first lines] Narrator: Lubinski, Kubinski, Lominski, Rozanski, and Poznanski. We're in Warsaw, the capital of Poland. It's August 1939. Europe is still at peace. At the moment, life in Warsaw is going on as normally as ever. But, suddenly something seems to have happened! Are those Poles seeing a ghost? Why does this car suddenly stop? Everybody seems to be staring in one direction. People seem to be frightened, even terrified! Some flabbergasted! Can it be true? It must be true! No doubt! The man with the little mustache - Adolph Hitler. Adolf Hitler in Warsaw when the two countries are still at peace? And all by himself? He seems strangely unconcerned by all the excitement he's causing. Is he by any chance interested in Mr. Maslowski's delicatessen? That's impossible! He's a vegetarian. And yet, he doesn't always stick to his diet. Sometimes he swallows whole countries. Does he want to eat up Poland too? Anyhow, how did he get here?

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: Well, naturally, it's all very attractive and tempting. But, what are we going to do about my conscience?

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: I hope you'll forgive me if I acted a little clumsy, but this is the first time I ever met an actress. Maria Tura: Lieutenant, this is the first time I've ever met a man who could drop three tons of dynamite in two minutes.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Greenberg: [shoveling snow after the theater's have been closed by the Nazis] "If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die?" Bronski: What a Shylock you would've been.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Professor Alexander Siletsky: I wonder if you really know what Nazism really stands for? Maria Tura: I have a slight idea. Professor Alexander Siletsky: In the final analysis, all we're trying to do is create a happy world. Maria Tura: And people who don't want to be happy have no place in this happy world. Well, that makes sense.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Professor Alexander Siletsky: Why don't you stay here for dinner? I can imagine nothing more charming. And before the evening is over, I'm sure you'll say, "Heil Hitler!" Maria Tura: I would like to accept your invitation; but, just as you want to represent the Nazi case in the very best light, I would like to represent the Polish case in a more suitable dress.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: [disguised as a Gestapo officer] What do you want from the Führer? Greenberg: What does he want from us? What does he want from Poland? Why possess us? Why? Why? Aren't we human? Have we not eyes? Have we not hands? Organs? Senses? Dimensions? Affections? Passions? Feed with the same food? Hurt with the same weapons? Subject to the same diseases? Healed by the same means? Cooled and warmed by the same winter and summer? If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? If you wrong us, shall we not revenge?

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: [final lines] To be or not to be, that - [slow burn as another young officer walks out]

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: Captain, you never can tell about those things. For instance, I think you're rather attractive, yourself. Perhaps, my taste is a little peculiar.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Capt. Schultz: But what if he doesn't talk? Colonel Ehrhardt: Then we try a little physical culture.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Colonel Ehrhardt: What about the underground movement? What exactly are your plans? Joseph Tura: [disguised as Professor Siletsky] Oh, you want to know? Colonel Ehrhardt: Yes, if you don't mind. Joseph Tura: Well, I, I have the key in my hand, all I have to - find is - the lock. That's better than having the lock and and having to find the key. How does it sound?

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: [after Maria has received flowers...] Three nights in a row! Even Shakespeare couldn't stand seeing Hamlet three nights in succession. Maria Tura: Did you forget you're playing Hamlet? Joseph Tura: Oh, that's right.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: [writing a note] If you insist on seeing me, come back to my dressing room, when Hamlet goes into his soliloquy, "To be or not to be." - How does is sound Anna? Anna: Safe.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: I have so much to tell you. When we're in the plane we can't talk, when we're in the tea room can't do anything but talk. [reaches out for a hug] Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: Maria... Maria Tura: [walks away] And when we're in the dressing room we must be very careful of my make-up.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: My people are fortunately out of Poland; but, well, there is someone in Warsaw... Professor Alexander Siletsky: Oh, a lady? Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: Yes. It's a very confidential matter. Professor, I'd appreciate it if you'd tell her - oh, but don't tell her husband. Professor Alexander Siletsky: Now I know exactly what to do. Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: Just say, "To be or not to be." She knows.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Professor Alexander Siletsky: Well, this young flyer gave me the message and I couldn't make head nor tail of it and neither will you. But, Mrs. Tura seemed to understand it perfectly. Joseph Tura: [disguised as Colonel Ehrhardt] Well, what was the message? Professor Alexander Siletsky: To be or not to be. Joseph Tura: To be - To be or not to be! Professor Alexander Siletsky: Well, clearly it's nothing alarming. It's only Shakespeare. Joseph Tura: That's what you think!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: You know I'm never any good unless I have my peace of mind. Maria, be honest, be frank, I've got to know! Did you tell that fella to walk out on my soliloquy?

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: I had a plane arranged, everything! But, Mr. Rawitch had a burning desire to act again. And when Mr. Rawitch acts, someone has to suffer.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: There'll be soldiers in the corridor guarding Hitler's box. If we can get them away for just one second - that means we need a confusion, a commotion, among the Gestapo. Maria Tura: Well, I've started a commotion in every Gestapo man I've met!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: No, Colonel, you really mustn't! Colonel Ehrhardt: Mrs. Tura, I will give you a bracelet. I confiscated a beautiful one today. Maria Tura: I don't want a bracelet. Colonel Ehrhardt: I - I can make life worth living for you. I - I can give you extra butter rations. I can give you three eggs a week! Maria Tura: I don't want any eggs!

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: Now, look, Tura, you're playing for our lives. Joseph Tura: I know. Dobash, I'm going to do the impossible. I'm going to surpass myself! Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: Don't, Tura! Take it easy and don't draw out the scene. Please! [to others in the room] Dobosh, Theatrical Producer: Come on, let's go. I hate to leave the fate of my country in the hands of a ham.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Joseph Tura: The audience is a little cool tonight. Maria Tura: Not to me. Joseph Tura: Oh, I know I'm giving a rotten performance. I always do when we quarrel. Say something nice. Maria Tura: Oh, you faker. I watched your scene with Polonius from the wings and you were never better. I'd give you a kiss right now; but, I'm afraid I might ruin my make-up.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Maria Tura: He's just a mere boy. Oh, no, no, no... Anna: What's he want you to do? Adopt him? Maria Tura: Oh, he's dying to see me, even if it's just for a minute. Of course, I won't. Definitely not. And yet, I don't like to be rude to him. I think its a mistake to ignore the people who admire one and who, after all, buy the tickets, at the same time... Anna: Done. Don't waste any more time with excuses. If you want to see him, see him while he's still young. Maria Tura: Yes, I think I owe it to my public.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: I've seen you in everything you've ever played. I'll never forget how I laughed when I saw you in "Kiki". Maria Tura: Yes, some people thought I was funny. Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: But, you certainly weren't funny when you played Lady MacBeth. Maria Tura: Thank you.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: I don't want to over-step myself, but, I'll take a chance. Would you permit me to show my plane? Maria Tura: Maybe.

§To Be or Not to Be ¤ Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: The other night Professor Siletsky was addressing us at the camp and I mentioned the name of Maria Tura. And he never heard of her! Gen. Armstrong: Neither have I. Lieutenant Stanislav Sobinski: He's supposed to be a Pole who lived in Warsaw and she's the most famous actress in Warsaw. Gen. Armstrong: Now, look here, young man, there's lots of people not interested in the theater. As a matter of fact, there's only one actress I ever heard of and I certainly hope I'll never hear from her again.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: The daughter of a legendary thief, who sewed winter coats out of stolen purses. Herself a thief, pickpocket, swindler. The saviour who came to tear my life apart. My Tamako. My Sookee.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: Reading can be learned, and I don't care if you curse or steal. But don't ever lie to me. Understood?

§The Handmaiden ¤ Sook-Hee: [thinking] I need to think. I need to become rich, sail off to a distant harbor, eat food I scarcely recognize, buy my fill of glittering baubles, and... not think of Hideko. Never think of Hideko.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: But, for sending me Sook-hee out of all the girls in the world, I feel 'slightly' grateful.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Sook-Hee: My aunt, when she heard a guest was coming, she dropped everything and bathed her Baby Miss. Nothing made her happier than when guests praised her baby's scent. You are my Baby Miss. Auntie gave the babies candy during baths to teach them that bath time is sweet.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Sook-Hee: Where I come from, it's illegal to be naive.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: Men are disgusting. How can they be so single-minded? Count Fujiwara: What's on your mind? You don't really believe that I crave your body? You do! You read too many books. If there's one thing I'm after, Miss... It's not your eyes, your hands, or your ass. It's your money, only that. Of all that you have, money is the best.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: [whispering] What does a man really want? Sook-Hee: What? Lady Hideko: What I mean is... the wedding night. How would I know? I grew up without a mother to teach me. I have no idea about any of this. [pause] Lady Hideko: Probably kissing first? Sook-Hee: [thinking] Alright. Let's try to put her to sleep. So adorable. In a foreign country and without a mother. Alone in this giant mansion. Reading useless books. And learning nothing of value. Lady Hideko: [thinking] Why did the taste change? Sour and bitter. Within the bitterness changes to sweetness. Sweet with a nice scent. Lady Hideko: How do you know? Have you done this before? Sook-Hee: Nope, not at all, my friend showed me this. Lady Hideko: Showed you? By describing? Sook-Hee: Yes, by describing. Lady Hideko: So this is the felling! Sook-Hee: This is what the Count wants! Lady Hideko: Really? Sook-Hee: The Count... Lady Hideko: Would it be like being with a corpse? You know, my hands and legs cold? Sook-Hee: Is that so? Lady Hideko: Do you want to feel it? Sook-Hee: I just feel relieved! Lady Hideko: Relief? Do it to me. I want to personally know if it's relieving. Sook-Hee: The Count will want to do this too. And also... So cute! If the Count sees this... Lady Hideko: Will he be as gentle as you? Sook-Hee: Of course! The Count will also... also... Lady Hideko: Continue! Just like that! As if the Count was doing it! Sook-Hee: After that, he would say "How soft and warm." So... so wet. Your beauty leaves me breathless!

§The Handmaiden ¤ Count Fujiwara: Whatever your heart desires. Anything in this whole wide world.

§The Handmaiden ¤ [last lines] Count Fujiwara: At least I'll die with my cock intact.

§The Handmaiden ¤ [repeated line] Lady Hideko: I wish I'd never been born.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: Love? What does a crook know about love?

§The Handmaiden ¤ Sook-Hee: [For Lady Hideko] She's so naive, even if a man pulls on her nipples she won't know what he wants!

§The Handmaiden ¤ Count Fujiwara: Women love to play with fate.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: Is it stupid to love someone being someone like you?

§The Handmaiden ¤ Uncle Kouzuki: I'm just an old man who likes dirty stories.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: [narrating] At that moment, a drop of insanity could cause one to go completely mad. If I could drive Sasaki mad as well, then life would've been more fun.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Uncle Kouzuki: Korea is ugly, and Japan is beautiful. Count Fujiwara: Some Japanese say Japan is ugly and Korea is beautiful. Uncle Kouzuki: Korea is soft, slow, dull, and therefore hopeless.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Aunt of Lady Hideko: [Reciting] When Jinlian finally took off her clothes, Ximen Qing examined her Jade Gate, discovering the Secret Well to find it hairless, white as snow, and smooth as jade. Tight as a drum, and soft as silk. Once he drew apart the curtains of flesh, a scent of well-aged wine emanated from within, and on fold upon fold of the red velvet interior, beads of dew were forming. Its centre was dark and void, yet as if it had its own life, it twitched and twitched...

§The Handmaiden ¤ Uncle Kouzuki: You'll have a week of freedom, but always remember the basement.

§The Handmaiden ¤ Lady Hideko: You think you're tricking me? You're the one being tricked.

§The Handmaiden ¤ [From the extended cut] Lady Hideko: [With eyes closed] The Count kept pushing wine on me. [Sook-hee walks up from behind and starts to unbutton the back of of Hideko's dress. Hideko immediately opens her eyes] Lady Hideko: [Scene changes to Hideko dresses up Sook-hee. Sook-hee looks in a mirror, with Hideko behind her; tying the back of Sook-hee's bra] Lady Hideko: Does it feel okay? Sook-Hee: It's suffocating. How do ladies wear such things? Lady Hideko: You think that's suffocating? [Scene cuts to where Sook-hee is now trying on a corset. She screams whilst Hideko, with a sadistic grin on her face and her foot on Sook-hee's back, is tying the corset as tight as she can] Sook-Hee: [screaming] Miss, you are killing me! [Scene cuts to where Sook-hee is now fully dressed, like a real lady. She looks in the mirror while Hideko walks around it from the back, with admiration on her face] Lady Hideko: Dressed up, you look like a lady, too. I think I know what the Count meant. Your face... Each night in bed, I think of your face. Sook-Hee: [shyly, with her head down] Don't be silly, Miss. [Sook-hee steps away from the mirror and walks toward Hideko, who is facing away from her. Sook-hee starts to unbutton Hideko's dress] Sook-Hee: [thinking] Ladies truly are the dolls of maids. All these buttons are for my amusement. If I undo the buttons and pull out the cords, then, the sweet things within, those sweet and soft things... [Hideko's dress falls; then, Sook-hee turns so Hideko in return can unbutton her dress] Sook-Hee: If I were still a pickpocket, I'd slip my hand inside... [Hideko removes Sook-hee's dress. She then suggestively strokes Sook-hee's back, causing her to shudder, before Hideko slowly moves her hand downward to undo Sook-hee's corset. Sook-hee turns to face Hideko again once the corset is removed] Sook-Hee: Miss, are you truly going to marry your uncle? Lady Hideko: [turns away from Sook-hee so her corset can be removed] That's what he raised me for, knowing he'd need my fortune. There's a famous collector in France. He'll be putting his entire library up for auction. The gold mine's proceeds won't cover the cost. Sook-Hee: [She removes Hideko's corset; then, she begins to remove Hideko's strapless slip] If it were me, I'd sell books to buy gold, not the opposite. Have you ever considered marrying someone else? Maybe Count Fujiwara... Lady Hideko: Hey! For a maid, you sure are meddlesome! [Hideko pushes Sook-hee to turn and quickly undoes her bra, all while annoyed]

§The Handmaiden ¤ [final monologue of Part 2] Lady Hideko: Baegopayo.

§The Handmaiden ¤ [first lines] Japanese soldier: You little brats, beat it! [bunch of kids scream and run away]

§The Handmaiden ¤ [From the extended cut] Lady Hideko: Tell me... what is it that men want? Sook-Hee: Pardon? Lady Hideko: I mean, after getting married, at night... [pause] Lady Hideko: How would I know? I'm practically a child with no mother. There's no one here to... [Sook-hee moves back a bit, surprised] Lady Hideko: First... I guess we'd kiss? [Sook-hee nods] Lady Hideko: And then? Sook-Hee: You make love. Lady Hideko: Standing up? Sook-Hee: Only if you've nowhere to lie down, or are in a hurry. Usually you lie on a bed. Just jump into it and you'll figure it out. Just like drinking. Lady Hideko: Jump into it? [Sook-hee nods] Lady Hideko: Are there people who just can't feel it, like the blind can't see? Sook-Hee: [thinking] What the hell. I'll show her one thing then put her to bed. [Sook-hee reaches over Hideko for her night-stand. After searching a couple of drawers, she finds a lollipop. She gets back in bed, and coats her mouth and lips by sucking on the lollipop for a few seconds] Sook-Hee: [thinking] Poor thing, alone in a strange country, reading those useless books, without learning a single useful skill. [Sook-hee turns around to place the lollipop from her side of the bed on the night-stand; then, she turns back and leans in to kiss Hideko] Lady Hideko: [thinking] Why does the candy taste different? The bitterness turns sour, the sourness turns sweet, the sweetness turns savoury... [speaking] Lady Hideko: How do you know all this? Do you have experience? Sook-Hee: [smiling] My friend Kutan taught me. Lady Hideko: Taught you? With words? Sook-Hee: Yes, only with words. [Sook-hee breaks contact and retreats. Without skipping a beat, Hideko grabs Sook-hee by the nape and pulls her back in for a more passionate kiss before Sook-hee again eventually breaks it] Lady Hideko: [placing hand on her chest] So this is how it feels. Sook-Hee: That's what you will feel for the Count. Lady Hideko: Really? Sook-Hee: The Count, truly... [caresses Hideko's face] Lady Hideko: He won't think he's making love to a corpse? Sook-Hee: [quietly] Huh? Lady Hideko: You know about my cold hands and feet. Sook-Hee: Really? Lady Hideko: Here. [places her hand in Sook-hee's gown] Sook-Hee: Feels just fine. Lady Hideko: You like it? Do it to me. I want to know how it feels. Sook-Hee: [places hand on Hideko's bosom] I'm sure he'll want to do this too. And then... [removes part of Hideko's gown from the shoulder, and then lays her on her back] Sook-Hee: It's so cute. If the Count sees this... [Sook-hee gives in to her desires and sucks on Hideko's bosom] Lady Hideko: Will he really be so tender as this? Sook-Hee: Of course. And he'll touch you like this. And like this... [lifts Hideko's gown upward; Hideko zealously removes Sook-hee's gown; Sook-hee knocks the doll off the bed] Lady Hideko: Keep doing it like the Count would. Sook-Hee: And this is what he'll say: It's so soft, warm, wet, and... s... s... spellbindingly beautiful! [Sook-hee briefly looks up at Hideko whilst below her; then, her tongue slowly snakes out. A moan is heard] Sook-Hee: [End Scene]

§The Handmaiden ¤ [repeated line] Sook-Hee: Fucking hell!

§My Father and My Son ¤ Deniz: As people grow, do their dreams get smaller, dad?

§My Father and My Son ¤ Hüseyin: There are also things I couldn't tell you. I don't know how to speak... You are my son, you are a soul closer to me than my own flesh. That's all I'll say, you understand the rest...

§My Father and My Son ¤ Sadik: Give him a room, a place to stay dad; he has nowhere to go!

§My Father and My Son ¤ Sadik: Did you forgive me? Sadik's Girlfriend: Of course I did Sadik, why wouldn't one forgive?

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Ben M'Hidi: It's hard to start a revolution. Even harder to continue it. And hardest of all to win it. But, it's only afterwards, when we have won, that the true difficulties begin. In short, Ali, there's still much to do.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Ben M'Hidi: Jaffar says you weren't in favor of the strike. Ali La Pointe: No, I wasn't. Ben M'Hidi: Why not? Ali La Pointe: Because we were ordered not to use arms. Ben M'Hidi: Acts of violence don't win wars. Neither wars nor revolutions. Terrorism is useful as a start. But then, the people themselves must act. That's the rationale behind this strike: to mobilize all Algerians, to assess our strength.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: Should we remain in Algeria? If you answer "yes," then you must accept all the necessary consequences.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Journalist: M. Ben M'Hidi, don't you think it's a bit cowardly to use women's baskets and handbags to carry explosive devices that kill so many innocent people? Ben M'Hidi: And doesn't it seem to you even more cowardly to drop napalm bombs on defenseless villages, so that there are a thousand times more innocent victims? Of course, if we had your airplanes it would be a lot easier for us. Give us your bombers, and you can have our baskets.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: We aren't madmen or sadists, gentlemen. Those who call us Fascists today, forget the contribution that many of us made to the Resistance. Those who call us Nazis, don't know that among us there are survivors of Dachau and Buchenwald. We are soldiers and our only duty is to win.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: What were they saying in Paris yesterday? Journalist: Nothing. Sartre's written another article. Col. Mathieu: Will you kindly explain to me why the Sartres are always born on the other side? Journalist: So you like Sartre, Colonel? Col. Mathieu: Not really, but I like him even less as an adversary.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: So we now average 4.2 attacks a day. We must distinguish between attacks on individuals and bombings. As usual, the problem involves first, the adversary, and second, the means to destroy him. There are 400,000 Arabs in Algiers. Are they all our enemies? We know they're not. But a small minority holds sway by means of terror and violence. We must deal with this minority in order to isolate and destroy it. It's a dangerous enemy that works in the open and underground, using tried-and-true revolutionary methods as well as original tactics.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ French Army Officer: Listen to me! Return to your homes! What do you want? Demonstrator #1: Independence! Demonstrator #2: Our pride! Demonstrator #3: We want our freedom!

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Journalist: The law's often inconvenient, Colonel. Col. Mathieu: And those who explode bombs in public places, do they respect the law perhaps? When you put that question to Ben M'Hidi, remember what he said?

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Political Prisoner: [handcuffed, walking to the guillotine] God is great! God is great! Long Live Algeria! Long Live Algeria! Long Live Algeria! Long Live Algeria! Long Live Algeria! Long Live Algeria!

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ FLN Official: Remember, we are at war against colonialism. A strong army has occupied our country for 130 years. This is why the FLN has to make decisions concerning the civil life of the Algerian people. With this marriage we fulfill our duty, a duty of resistance.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: We have to start from scratch. The only information we have concerns the organization's structure. Let's start from there. It's a pyramid organization made up of a series of sections. These sections, in turn, are made up of triangles. At the apex is the Executive Bureau. The military head of the Executive Bureau finds a competent person and names him section head: No. 1. No. 1 finds two others: Nos. 2 and 3. This makes up the first triangle. Now Nos. 2 and 3 each select two men: Nos. 4, 5, 6 and 7. The reason for these geometrics is that each organization member knows only three other members. The one who chose him and the two he himself chose. Contact is made only in writing. That's why we don't know our adversaries. Because, in point of fact, they don't know each other.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Djafar: The first section's dead. There's no one left. We lost contact with the second. The third is reorganizing. All that's left is the fourth. It's enough to start over with.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: It's a faceless enemy, unrecognizable, blending in with hundreds of others. It is everywhere. In cafés, in the alleys of the Casbah, or in the very streets of the European quarter.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: To know them is to eliminate them. Consequently, the purely military aspect of the problem is secondary. More important is the policing aspect. I know you dislike that word. But it's the only one that describes the work at hand.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: The basis of our job is intelligence. The method interrogation. Conducted in such a way as to ensure we always get an answer. In our situation, humane consideration can only lead to despair and confusion. I'm sure all units will understand and act accordingly. Unfortunately, success doesn't depend only on us.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: We need to have the Kasbah at our disposal. We have to sift through it and interrogate everyone. And that's where we find ourselves hindered by a conspiracy of laws and regulations that continue to operate as if Algiers were a holiday resort and not a battleground. We've requested a carte blanche, but that's very difficult to obtain. Therefore, it's necessary to find an excuse to legitimize our intervention and make it possible. It's necessary to create this for ourselves, this excuse. Unless our adversaries think of it themselves, which seems to be what they're doing.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: The word "torture" doesn't appear in our orders. We've always spoken of interrogation as the only valid method in a police operation directed against unknown enemies. As for the NLF, they request that their members, in the event of capture, should maintain silence for twenty-four hours, and then they may talk. So, the organization has already had the time it needs to render any information useless. What type of interrogation should we choose, the one the courts use for a murder case, that drags on for months?

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ [first lines] French Interrogator: Couldn't you have talked sooner? It would've gone easier for you.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Ali La Pointe: You bitch! You set me up.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Djafar: Okay, I'll explain. First, we need to get organized and secure our hideouts. Then we can take action. The organization's getting stronger, but there are still too many drunks, whores, junkies, people who talk too much, people ready to sell us out. We must win them over or eliminate them. We need to clean house first, organize the country. Only then can we take on our real enemy.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Journalist: Mr. Ben M'Hidi, in your opinion, does the FLN still have some chance of defeating the French army? Ben M'Hidi: The FLN has more of a chance of defeating the French army than the French have of changing the course of history.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ French Soldier: Faster, dirty Arab! Ramel: Take this, you dog! [bomb explodes]

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: Any of you ever suffer from tapeworm? It's a worm that can grow infinitely. You can destroy its thousands of segments, but as long as the head remains, it rebuilds and proliferates. The FLN is similarly organized. The head is the Executive Bureau. Several persons. As long as they're not eliminated, we're back to zero.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Ben M'Hidi: All right. You're in charge. Djafar: If I were in charge, you wouldn't be in Algiers now. Ben M'Hidi: Duty first? Djafar: Caution is best.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: It's not warriors we need. Journalist: Then what? Col. Mathieu: Political will, which is sometimes there and sometimes isn't.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Female FLN Fighter: [to Col. Mathieu] Monster! Hypocrite! You're wrong. Ali La Pointe is still in the Casbah.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Djafar: [distributing the bomb baskets to female FLN fighters] Air France, Rue Mauritania. The café, Rue Michelet. The milk bar, Rue d'Isly. The bomb timers are short. They'll be set outside the Casbah. Taleb is waiting for you at the fish market. But then you must hurry. You only have 30 minutes to place them. Good luck. Good luck. God be with you.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: Like rabbits in a cage. Just as I hoped.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Journalist: What would armed insurrection mean now? Col. Mathieu: What it always means: an inevitable phase in revolutionary warfare. After terrorism comes armed insurrection. Just as guerrilla warfare leads to warfare proper.

§The Battle of Algiers ¤ Col. Mathieu: Gentlemen, believe me, it's a vicious circle. We could talk for hours to no avail, because that isn't the problem. The problem is this: The FLN wants to throw us out of Algeria and we want to stay. Even with slight shades of opinion, you all agree that we must stay. When the FLN rebellion began, there were no shades at all. Every paper, the communist press included, wanted it crushed. We're here for that reason alone.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Yeah, Sport, I know there's a blizzard. When are the long-distance lines gonna be repaired? Well, what if there is no tomorrow? There wasn't one today! Hello? [dial tone] Phil: Hello? [hangs up the phone. He breaks a pencil and puts one half in front of the clock and the other on top]

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Do you ever have déjà vu, Mrs. Lancaster? Mrs. Lancaster: I don't think so, but I could check with the kitchen.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same, and nothing that you did mattered? Ralph: That about sums it up for me.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: [talking to a sleeping Rita] I think you're the kindest, sweetest, prettiest person I've ever met in my life. I've never seen anyone that's nicer to people than you are. The first time I saw you... something happened to me. I never told you but... I knew that I wanted to hold you as hard as I could. I don't deserve someone like you. But if I ever could, I swear I would love you for the rest of my life. Rita: Did you say something? Phil: Good night.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: You want a prediction about the weather, you're asking the wrong Phil. I'll give you a winter prediction: It's gonna be cold, it's gonna be grey, and it's gonna last you for the rest of your life.

§Groundhog Day ¤ D.J. #1: Okay, campers, rise and shine, and don't forget your booties 'cause it's cooooold out there today. D.J. #2: It's coooold out there every day. What is this, Miami Beach? D.J. #1: Not hardly. And you know, you can expect hazardous travel later today with that, you know, that, uh, that blizzard thing. D.J. #2: [mockingly] That blizzard - thing. That blizzard - thing. Oh, well, here's the report! The National Weather Service is calling for a "big blizzard thing!" D.J. #1: Yessss, they are. But you know, there's another reason why today is especially exciting. D.J. #2: Especially cold! D.J. #1: Especially cold, okay, but the big question on everybody's lips... D.J. #2: On their chapped lips... D.J. #1: On their chapped lips, right: Do ya think Phil is gonna come out and see his shadow? D.J. #2: Punxsutawney Phil! D.J. #1: That's right, woodchuck-chuckers - it's... D.J. #1, D.J. #2: [in unison] GROUNDHOG DAY!

§Groundhog Day ¤ Ned: Hey! Phil? Phil? Hey! Phil Connors! Phil: Ned? [Punches Ned in the face]

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather. I, for one, am very grateful to have been here. From Punxsutawney, this is Phil Connors. So long. Rita: Okay, want to try it again without the sarcasm? Phil: We got it. I'm out of here. Larry: Prima donnas.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: When Chekhov saw the long winter, he saw a winter bleak and dark and bereft of hope. Yet we know that winter is just another step in the cycle of life. But standing here among the people of Punxsutawney and basking in the warmth of their hearths and hearts, I couldn't imagine a better fate than a long and lustrous winter. From Punxsutawney, it's Phil Connors. So long. [applause]

§Groundhog Day ¤ [Phil Connors is stopped by the police after some crazy driving] Phil: Yeah, three cheeseburgers, two large fries, two chocolate shakes and one large coke. Ralph: [to Phil] And some flapjacks. Phil: [to Cop] Too early for flapjacks?

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil Connors: This is pitiful. A thousand people freezing their butts off waiting to worship a rat. What a hype. Groundhog Day used to mean something in this town. They used to pull the hog out, and they used to eat it. You're hypocrites, all of you!

§Groundhog Day ¤ Ned: [recognizes Phil and runs up to him on the street] Phil? Hey, Phil? Phil! Phil Connors? Phil Connors, I thought that was you! Phil: [thinking Ned's just a watcher of the local news] Hi, how you doing? Thanks for watching. [Starts to walk away] Ned: Hey, hey! Now, don't you tell me you don't remember me because I sure as heckfire remember you. Phil: [bemused] Not a chance. Ned: Ned... [takes off his hat revealing his completely bald head] Ned: Ryerson. "Needlenose Ned"? "Ned the Head"? C'mon, buddy. Case Western High. Ned Ryerson: I did the whistling belly-button trick at the high school talent show? Bing! Ned Ryerson: got the shingles real bad senior year, almost didn't graduate? Bing, again. Ned Ryerson: I dated your sister Mary Pat a couple times until you told me not to anymore? Well? Phil: [not even a smidgen of recognition] Ned Ryerson? Ned: Bing! Phil: Bing. So did you turn pro with that bellybutton thing, Ned? Ned: No, Phil, I sell insurance. Phil: [deadpan] What a shock. Ned: Do you have life insurance? Because if you do you could always use a little more. Am I right or am I right or am I right? Right? Right? Phil: [feigning politeness and failing] Ned, I'd love to stand here and talk with you... but I'm not going to. See you. Ned: [laughs] That's okay! I'll walk with you! [does so, to Phil's annoyance] Ned: See, whenever I see an opportunity, I charge it like a bull. "Ned the Bull", that's me now. You know, I have friends who live and die by the actuarial tables and I say, "Hey! It's all one big crap-shoot anywho!" Tell me, have you ever heard of single premium life because I think that could really be the ticket for you. [stops Phil in admiration] Ned: Oh, God! It is so good to see you! Tell me, what are you doing for dinner? Phil: Something else. It's been great seeing you, "Needlehead". Take care. [Phil steps off the curb into a deep, watery puddle. Ned laughs obnoxiously] Ned: Whoa-ho-ho! Watch out for that first step! It's a doozy! [as Ned continues to cackle, Phil stomps away]

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: I was in the Virgin Islands once. I met a girl. We ate lobster, drank piña coladas. At sunset, we made love like sea otters. [Ralph and Gus snort] Phil: *That* was a pretty good day. Why couldn't I get *that* day over, and over, and over...

§Groundhog Day ¤ Rita: Do you ever have déjà vu? Phil: Didn't you just ask me that?

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: I'm a god. Rita: You're God? Phil: I'm *a* god. I'm not *the* God... I don't think.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Rita: [as Phil kisses Rita over and over discovering that he has finally passed Groundhog Day] Phil, why weren't you like this last night? You just fell asleep. Phil: It was the end of a very long day. [looks into her eyes] Phil: Is there anything I can do for you today? Rita: I'm sure I can think of something. [they kiss]

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: It's the same thing your whole life: "Clean up your room. Stand up straight. Pick up your feet. Take it like a man. Be nice to your sister. Don't mix beer and wine, ever." Oh yeah: "Don't drive on the railroad track." Gus: Well, Phil, that's one I happen to agree with.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Rita: This day was perfect. You couldn't have planned a day like this. Phil: Well, you can. It just takes an awful lot of work.

§Groundhog Day ¤ [Driving down the railroad tracks toward an approaching train] Phil: I'm betting he's going to swerve first.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Rita: [Phil has described several people in the diner] What about me, Phil? Do you know me too? Phil: I know all about you. You like producing, but you hope for more than Channel 9 Pittsburgh. Rita: Well, everyone knows that! Phil: You like boats, but not the ocean. You go to a lake in the summer with your family up in the mountains. There's a long wooden dock and a boathouse with boards missing from the roof, and a place you used to crawl underneath to be alone. You're a sucker for French poetry and rhinestones. You're very generous. You're kind to strangers and children, and when you stand in the snow you look like an angel. Rita: [in wonder] How are you doing this? Phil: I told you. I wake up every day, right here, right in Punxsutawney, and it's always February 2nd, and there's nothing I can do about it.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Piano Teacher: Not bad... Mr. Connors, you say this is your first lesson? Phil: Yes, but my father was a piano *mover*, so...

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Once again, the eyes of the nation have turned here to this... tiny village in Western Pennsylvania. Blah, blah, blah, blah! There is no way that this winter is *ever* going to end as long as this groundhog keeps seeing his shadow. I don't see any other way out. He's gotta be stopped. And I have to stop him. Larry: Real good, Phil. Real good. [to Rita] Larry: He's out of his gourd!

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Do you know what today is? Rita: No, what? Phil: Today is tomorrow. It happened.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Come on, *all* the long distance lines are down? What about the satellite? Is it snowing in space? Don't you have some kind of a line that you keep open for emergencies or for celebrities? I'm both. I'm a celebrity in an emergency. Can you patch me through on that line please?

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Why are you here? Rita: You said stay so I stayed. Phil: I can't even make a collie stay.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: [Holding Phil the Groundhog behind the wheel] Don't drive angry. Don't drive angry!

§Groundhog Day ¤ Rita: It's beautiful. I don't know what to say. Phil: I do. Whatever happens tomorrow, or for the rest of my life, I'm happy now... because I love you.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: I have been stabbed, shot, poisoned, frozen, hung, electrocuted, and burned. Rita: Oh, really? Phil: ...and every morning I wake up without a scratch on me, not a dent in the fender... I am an immortal.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Felix's Wife: Dr. Connors. I want to thank you for fixing Felix's back. He can even help around the house again. Phil: I'm sorry to hear that, Felix.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: So, did you sleep OK without me? You tossed and turned, didn't you? Rita: You're incredible. Phil: Who told you?

§Groundhog Day ¤ [after Phil has driven the truck he has stolen off a cliff to kill both himself and Punxsutawney Phil] Larry: He... might be okay. [the truck explodes in a fireball] Larry: Well, no. Probably not now.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: [sitting outside the local bank] A gust of wind. [a gust of wind blows] Phil: A dog barks. [a dog barks in the distance] Phil: Cue the truck. [an armored truck drives up] Phil: Exit Herman. Walk out into the bank. [Herman gets out of the armored truck and walks into the bank] Phil: Exit Felix, and stand there with a not-so-bright look on your face. [Felix gets out of truck and stands there] Phil: All right, Doris, come on. Hey, fix your bra, honey. That's better. Doris the Waitress: Hey, Felix! Phil: "Felix!" "How you doing, Doris?" "Can I have a roll of quarters?" [Phil stands up and begins to walk towards the armored car] Phil: 10, 9, 8, car... [a car drives in front of Phil] Phil: ... 6, 5, quarters... [roll of quarters breaks open, hitting the ground] Phil: ... 3, 2... [Phil reaches over Felix and takes a bag of money out of the back of the armored truck] Herman: Felix, did I bring out two bags or one? Felix: I don't know.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: You wanna throw up here, or you wanna throw up in the car? Ralph: I think... both.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Something is... different. Rita: Good or bad? Phil: Anything different is good.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Man in Hallway: Think it'll be an early spring? Phil: Winter, slumbering in the open air, wears on its smiling face a dream... of spring. Ciao. Man in Hallway: [Absolutely chuffed] Ciao.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil Connors: Excuse me, where is everybody going? Fan on Street: To Gobbler's Knob. It's Groundhog Day. Phil Connors: It's still just once a year, isn't it?

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Ned, I would love to stay here and talk with you... but I'm not going to.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Ned: Phil, this is the best day of my life. Phil: Mine too. Rita: Mine too. Ned: Where are we going? Rita: Oh, let's not spoil it!

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Hey commander, what's going on? State Trooper: There's nothing going on. We're closing the road. Big blizzard moving in. Phil: What blizzard? It's a couple of flakes. State Trooper: Don't you listen to the weather? We got a major storm here. Phil: I make the weather! All of this moisture coming up out of the Gulf is gonna push off to the east and hit Altoona. State Trooper: Pal, you got that moisture on your head. Now you can go back to Punxsutawney, or you can go ahead and freeze to death. It's your choice. So what's it gonna be? Phil: [pauses] I'm thinking...

§Groundhog Day ¤ Mrs. Lancaster: [on the second day] Will you be checking out today, Mr. Connors? Phil: [hesitantly] Change of departure today:... Eighty percent?... seventy-five/eighty?

§Groundhog Day ¤ Mrs. Lancaster: Did you sleep well, Mr. Connors? Phil: I slept alone, Mrs. Lancaster.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Rita: Why would anybody steal a groundhog? Larry: I can probably think of a couple of reasons... pervert.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: You know, people like blood sausage, too. People are morons.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Mrs. Lancaster: [on the first day] Will you be checking out today, Mr. Connors? Phil: [snidely] Chance of departure today: one hundred percent!

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Well maybe the *real* God uses tricks, you know? Maybe He's not omnipotent. He's just been around so long He knows everything.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Rita: What should we drink to? Phil: I'd like to say a prayer and drink to world peace.

§Groundhog Day ¤ [Waking after a night of reading poetry and only chaste sleep with Rita, Phil jumps out of bed, determined to show himself as a new and likable man. He gives a wad of cash to the Old Man beggar and shows up early for the photo shoot, carrying a tray of coffees just the way that Rita and Larry like them, and with Larry's favorite pastry] Phil: Who wants coffee? Get it while it's hot! Rita: [surprised] Oh! Thanks, Phil! Phil: [Handing Larry a lidded styrofoam container of coffee] Larry? Skim milk, two sugar. Larry: [Also surprised] Yeah. Thanks, Phil! Phil: Pastry? [Phil offers the tray to Rita, who looks enticed, but says:] Rita: No. We're just setting up. Phil: Pastry, Larry? Take your pick. Larry: Well, thanks, Phil. Raspberry, great. Phil: Say, I was just talking with Buster Green, he's the head groundhog honcho. And he said, if we set up over here [he points his thumb over his shoulder] Phil: , we might get a better shot. What do you think? [Rita is still surprised that Phil Connors is being so thoughtful and helpful] Rita: Sounds good. Phil: Larry, what do you think? [It is obvious that Phil has never asked for Larry's opinion in his life, and Larry grins] Larry: Yeah. Let's go for it. Rita: [Pleased] Good work, Phil. Phil: Maybe we'll get lucky. Let me give you a hand with the heavy stuff. [Phil takes the backpack and news-camera] Larry: Uh... Phil: No, no, you got your coffee. [They start to walk to the "better" spot] Phil: We never talk, Larry. Do you have kids? [Rita stares in astonishment, then slowly follows them]

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: I killed myself so many times I don't even exist anymore.

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Well, it's Groundhog Day... again...

§Groundhog Day ¤ Phil: Can I talk to you about a matter that is not work-related? Rita: You never talk about work.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ [last lines] Ma Joad: Rich fellas come up an' they die, an' their kids ain't no good an' they die out. But we keep a'comin'. We're the people that live. They can't wipe us out; they can't lick us. We'll go on forever, Pa, 'cause we're the people.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: I been thinking about us, too, about our people living like pigs and good rich land layin' fallow. Or maybe one guy with a million acres and a hundred thousand farmers starvin'. And I been wonderin' if all our folks got together and yelled... Ma Joad: Oh, Tommy, they'd drag you out and cut you down just like they done to Casy. Tom Joad: They'd drag me anyways. Sooner or later they'd get me for one thing if not for another. Until then... Ma Joad: Tommy, you're not aimin' to kill nobody. Tom Joad: No, Ma, not that. That ain't it. It's just, well as long as I'm an outlaw anyways... maybe I can do somethin'... maybe I can just find out somethin', just scrounge around and maybe find out what it is that's wrong and see if they ain't somethin' that can be done about it. I ain't thought it out all clear, Ma. I can't. I don't know enough. Ma Joad: How am I gonna know about ya, Tommy? Why they could kill ya and I'd never know. They could hurt ya. How am I gonna know? Tom Joad: Well, maybe it's like Casy says. A fellow ain't got a soul of his own, just little piece of a big soul, the one big soul that belongs to everybody, then... Ma Joad: Then what, Tom? Tom Joad: Then it don't matter. I'll be all around in the dark - I'll be everywhere. Wherever you can look - wherever there's a fight, so hungry people can eat, I'll be there. Wherever there's a cop beatin' up a guy, I'll be there. I'll be in the way guys yell when they're mad. I'll be in the way kids laugh when they're hungry and they know supper's ready, and when the people are eatin' the stuff they raise and livin' in the houses they build - I'll be there, too. Ma Joad: I don't understand it, Tom. Tom Joad: Me, neither, Ma, but - just somethin' I been thinkin' about.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: Seems like the government's got more interest in a dead man than a live one.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Casy: I wouldn't pray just for a old man that's dead, 'cause he's all right. If I was to pray, I'd pray for folks that's alive and don't know which way to turn.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Casy: Maybe there ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue, they's just what people does. Some things folks do is nice and some ain't so nice, and that's all any man's got a right to say.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Casy: Tom, you gotta learn like I'm learnin'. I don't know it right yet myself. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again. Preachers gotta know. I don't know. I gotta ask.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ [the family is leaving the farm, heading for California] Al Joad: Ain't you gonna look back, Ma? Give the ol' place a last look? Ma Joad: We're going' to California, ain't we? All right then let's go to California. Al Joad: That don't sound like you, Ma. You never was like that before. Ma Joad: I never had my house pushed over before. Never had my family stuck out on the road. Never had to lose everything I had in life.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: That Casy. He might have been a preacher but he seen things clear. He was like a lantern. He helped me to see things clear.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Muley Graves: There ain't nobody gonna push me of my land! My grandpa took up this land 70 years ago, my pa was born here, we were all born on it. And some of of us was killed on it! ...and some of us died on it. That's what make it our'n, bein' born on it,...and workin' on it,...and and dying' on it! And not no piece of paper with the writin' on it!

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Ma Joad: Well, Pa, a woman can change better'n a man. A man lives sorta - well, in jerks. Baby's born or somebody dies, and that's a jerk. He gets a farm or loses it, and that's a jerk. With a woman, it's all in one flow, like a stream - little eddies and waterfalls - but the river, it goes right on. Woman looks at it thata way.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Grandpa Joad: It's my dirt! Eh-heh! No good, but it's - it's mine, all mine.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Gasoline Attendant: You and me got sense. Them Okies got no sense and no feeling. They ain't human. Human being wouldn't live the way they do. Human being couldn't stand to be so miserable.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: Takes no nerve to do something, ain't nothin' else you can do.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: Sure don't look none too prosperous.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: [At 1:18:50 into the movie, Tom Joad pulls off the road to change the left front tire. Jane Darwell gets out of the truck and sits on the front bumper. As Tom begins to get under the truck to jack the truck up, he says to Jane,] "Ma, will you get the hell off'a there! It's gonna be heavy enough..." That somehow passed the Board of Review censors.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Ma Joad: There, gramma! There's California. Grandma Joad: Phbbtt!

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Grandpa Joad: I smell spare ribs. Somebody's been eatin' spare ribs. How come I ain't got none?

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Uncle John: He is telling the truth... the truth for him.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: If there was a law, they was workin' with maybe we could take it, but it ain't the law. They're workin' away our spirits, tryin' to make us cringe and crawl, takin' away our decency.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Casy: You don' know what you're a-doin'.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Ma Joad: There ain't no family now. And Winfield, what's he gonna be this way? Growin' up wild. And Ruthie too. Just like animals. Got nothing to trust.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: What's the matter, Grandpa? Grandpa Joad: What's the matter? There's nothin' the matter. I just - I just ain't goin', that's all. Pa Joad: What you mean you ain't goin'? We got to go. We got no place to stay. Grandpa Joad: I ain't talkin' about you. I'm - I'm talkin' about me! I give'r a good goin' over all last night, and I'm a-stayin'! Pa Joad: But you can't do that, Grandpa! This here land's goin' under the tractor. We all got to get out. Grandpa Joad: All except me, and I'm stayin'! Tom Joad: What about Grandma? Grandpa Joad: Take her with ya!

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: Listen, what is these reds? Every time ya turn around, somebody's callin' somebody else a red! What IS these reds, anyway?

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Tom Joad: [looking at the truck tire and talking to Casy] Think it'll hold? Casy: If it does, it'll be a miracle out of scripture.

§The Grapes of Wrath ¤ Ma Joad: I ain't never gonna be scared no more. I was, though. For a while it looked as though we was beat. Good and beat. Looked like we didn't have nobody in the whole wide world but enemies. Like nobody was friendly no more. Made me feel kinda bad and scared too, like we was lost and nobody cared... .

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: When the Lord closes a door, somewhere He opens a window.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Sister Margaretta: After all, the wool from the black sheep is just as warm.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: You know how Sister Berthe always makes me kiss the floor after we've had a disagreement? Well, lately I've taken to kissing the floor whenever I see her coming, just to save time.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Kurt: Only grown-up men are scared of women.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: It's the dress. You'll have to put on another one before you meet the children. Maria: But I don't have another one. When we entered the abbey our worldly clothes were given to the poor. Captain von Trapp: What about this one? Maria: The poor didn't want this one.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: Now, when I want you, this is what you will hear. [blows whistle] Maria: Oh, no, sir. I'm sorry, sir. I could never answer to a whistle. Whistles are for dogs and cats and other animals, but not for children and definitely not for me. It would be too... humiliating. Captain von Trapp: Fraulein, were you this much trouble at the Abbey? Maria: Oh, much more, sir. Captain von Trapp: Hmm. [starts walking away. Maria blows her whistle & he turns around] Maria: Excuse me, sir. I don't know your signal

§The Sound of Music ¤ Sister Margaretta: Reverend Mother, I have sinned. Sister Berthe: I, too, Reverend Mother. Mother Abbess: What is this sin, my children? [the nuns look at each other, then reveal from under their robes the distributor and coil they have removed from the Germans' cars]

§The Sound of Music ¤ The Baroness: Somewhere out there is a lady who I think will never be a nun. Auf Wiedersehen, darling.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: You brought music back into the house. I had forgotten.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Herr Zeller: Perhaps those who would warn you that the Anschluss is coming - and it is coming, Captain - perhaps they would get further with you by setting their words to music. Captain von Trapp: If the Nazis take over Austria, I have no doubt, Herr Zeller, that you will be the entire trumpet section. Herr Zeller: You flatter me, Captain. Captain von Trapp: Oh, how clumsy of me - I meant to accuse you.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Max: How many have I had? Maid: Two. Max: Make it an uneven three.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: Children can't do all the things they're supposed to if they have to worry about spoiling their precious clothes. Captain von Trapp: They haven't complained yet. Maria: Well, they wouldn't dare! They love you too much. They *fear* you too much! Captain von Trapp: I don't wish you to discuss my children in this manner. Maria: Well, you've got to hear from someone! You're never home long enough to know them. Captain von Trapp: I said I don't want to hear anymore from you about my children! Maria: I know you don't, but you've got to! Now, take Liesl. Captain von Trapp: [hesitatingly] You will not say one word about Liesl, Fraulein. Maria: She's not a child anymore, and one of these days, you're going to wake up and find that she's a woman. You won't even know her. And Friedrich, he's a boy, but he wants to be a man and there's no one to show him how. Captain von Trapp: Don't you dare tell me about my son. Maria: Brigitta could tell you about him if you let her get close to you. She notices everything. Captain von Trapp: Fraulein... Maria: And Kurt pretends he's tough not to show how hurt he is when you brush him aside, Captain von Trapp: That will do! Maria: the way you do all of them. Louisa I don't even know about yet, Captain von Trapp: I said that will do! Maria: but somebody has to find out about her, and the little ones just want to be loved. Oh, please, Captain, love them! Love them all! Captain von Trapp: I don't care to hear anything further from you about my children. Maria: I am not finished yet, Captain! Captain von Trapp: Oh, yes, you are, Captain! [pauses, then corrects himself] Captain von Trapp: Fraulein!

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: Kurt, how are you? Kurt: Hungry.

§The Sound of Music ¤ [Maria finds a frog in her pocket] Frau Schmidt: You're lucky. With Fraulein Helga, it was a snake!

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: [saying her bed time prayers] I forgot the other boy. Oh, what's his name? Oh, well, God bless What's-his-name.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Herr Zeller: I've not asked you where you and your family are going. Nor have you asked me why I am here. Captain von Trapp: Well, apparently, we're both suffering from a deplorable lack of curiosity.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Louisa von Trapp: I'm Brigitta. Maria: You didn't tell me how old you are... Louisa. Brigitta: I'm Brigitta, she's Louisa. She's thirteen years old, and you're smart! I'm ten, and I think your dress is the ugliest one I ever saw!

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: My fellow Austrians, I shall not be seeing you again perhaps for a very long time. I would like to sing for you now... a love song. I know you share this love. I pray that you will never let it die.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: Maria, there isn't going to be any Baroness anymore. Maria: I don't understand. Captain von Trapp: Well, we called off our engagement, you see, and... Maria: Oh, I'm sorry. Captain von Trapp: Yes. You are? Maria: Mm-hmm. You did? Captain von Trapp: Yes. Well, you can't marry someone when you're in love with someone else... can you?

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: [Friedrich and Kurt run into Maria's room during a thunderstorm] You boys weren't scared, too, were you? Friedrich von Trapp: No. We just wanted to be sure that you weren't. Maria: That was very thoughtful of you, Friedrich. Friedrich von Trapp: It wasn't my idea. It was Kurt's. Maria: Kurt! That's the one I left out. God bless Kurt!

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: I'd like to thank you all for the precious gift you left in my pocket today. Captain von Trapp: What gift? Maria: It's meant to be a secret between the children and me. Captain von Trapp: Then I suggest you keep it, and let us eat. Maria: Knowing how nervous I must have been, a stranger in a new household, knowing how important it was for me to feel accepted, it was so kind and thoughtful of you to make my first moments here so warm and happy and pleasant.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: Gretl, what happened to your finger? Gretl: It got caught. Maria: Caught in what? Gretl: Friedrich's teeth. [the others laugh]

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: I can't seem to stop singing wherever I am. And what's worse, I can't seem to stop saying things - anything and everything I think and feel. Mother Abbess: Some people would call that honesty. Maria: Oh, but it's terrible, Reverend Mother.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Max: The Von Trapp Family Singers. Here are your names: Liesl, Friedrich, Louisa, Brigitta, Kurt, Marta and Gretl. Gretl: Why am I always last? Max: Because you are the most important.

§The Sound of Music ¤ [singing starts somewhere inside] Captain von Trapp: What's that? Maria: It's singing. Captain von Trapp: Yes, I realize it's singing, but who? Maria: The children. Captain von Trapp: The children? Maria: I taught them something to sing for the Baroness.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: Fraulein Maria, did I or did I not say that bedtime is to be strictly observed in this household? Maria: Yes, well the children were scared of the thunderstorm and... You did, sir. Captain von Trapp: And do you or do you not have trouble following these simple instructions? Maria: Only during thunderstorms, sir.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: Now, Fraulein. I want a truthful answer from you. Maria: Yes, Captain? Captain von Trapp: Is it possible - or could I have just imagined it - have my children by any chance been climbing trees today? Maria: Yes, Captain. Captain von Trapp: I see. And where, may I ask, did they get these... ummm... Maria: Play clothes. Captain von Trapp: Oh, is that what you call them? Maria: I made them. From the drapes that used to hang in my bedroom. Captain von Trapp: Drapes? Maria: They still have plenty of wear left. The children have been everywhere in them. Captain von Trapp: Do you mean to tell me that my children have been roaming about Salzburg dressed up in nothing but some old drapes? Maria: Mmm-hmmm. And having a marvelous time!

§The Sound of Music ¤ Mother Abbess: Maria, these walls were not meant to shut out problems. You have to face them. You have to live the life you were born to live.

§The Sound of Music ¤ The Baroness: You're far away. Where are you? Captain von Trapp: In a world that's disappearing, I'm afraid.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Max: Friedrich, Gretl, why don't you sing? Gretl: I can't, I've got a sore finger.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: Why didn't you children tell me you could dance? Kurt: We were afraid you'd make us all dance together. The von Trapp Family dancers. [spins]

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: I'd like to thank each and every one of you for the precious gift you left in my pocket today. Captain von Trapp: Um, what gift? Maria: It's meant to be a secret, Captain, between the children and me. Captain von Trapp: Uh-huh. Then I suggest that you keep it, and let us eat. Maria: Knowing how nervous I must have been, a stranger in a new household, knowing how important it was for me to feel accepted. It was so kind and thoughtful of you to make my first moments here so warm and happy and... pleasant. [All the while, the children look guilty. Marta starts to cry] Captain von Trapp: What is the matter, Marta? Marta: Nothing. [Louisa, Brigitta and Gretl join in, while Liesl, Friedrich and Kurt continue to look guilty] Captain von Trapp: Uh, Fräulein... is it to be at every meal, or merely at dinnertime, that you, uh, intend leading us all through this rare and wonderful new world of... indigestion? Maria: Oh, they're all right, Captain. They're just happy. [All of the girls, except Liesl, continue to cry out of guilt]

§The Sound of Music ¤ Kurt: I wonder what grass tastes like.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: [singing] Silver white winters that melt into springs, these are a few of my favorite things

§The Sound of Music ¤ Liesl: I'm Liesl. I'm sixteen years old and I don't need a governess.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Max: I like rich people. I like the way they live. I like the way I live when I'm with them.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Liesl: [upon receiving her first kiss from Rolfe] Wheeeeeeeeeee!

§The Sound of Music ¤ Frau Schmidt: The Von Trapp children don't play. They march.

§The Sound of Music ¤ [first lines] Maria: [singing] The hills are alive with the sound of music / With songs they have sung for a thousand years. / The hills fill my heart with the sound of music. / My heart wants to sing every song it hears.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: Dear Father, now I know why You sent me here. To help these children prepare for a new mother. And I pray this will become a happy family in Thy sight. God bless the captain. God bless Liesl and Friedrich. God bless Louisa, Brigitta, Marta and little Gretl. And I forgot the other boy. What's his name? Well, God bless what's-his-name. God bless the Reverend Mother and Sister Margaretta and everybody at the abbey. And now, dear God, about Liesl. Help her know that I'm her friend and help her tell me what she's been up to. Liesl: Are you going to tell on me? Maria: Help me to be understanding so I may guide her footsteps. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Liesl: I was out walking and somebody locked the doors early. I didn't want to wake everybody, so when I saw your window open. You're not going to tell Father, are you? Maria: How in the world did you climb up here? Liesl: It's how we always got in to play tricks on the governess. Louisa can make it with a whole jar of spiders in her hand. Maria: Spiders? Liesl, were you out walking all by yourself? If we wash that dress tonight, nobody would notice it tomorrow. You could put this on. Take your dress and put it to soak in the bathtub. Come back here and sit on the bed, and we'll have a talk. Liesl: I told you today I didn't need a governess. Well, maybe I do.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: Fraulein, is it to be at every meal, or merely at dinnertime, that you intend on leading us all through this rare and wonderful new world of... indigestion?

§The Sound of Music ¤ Captain von Trapp: You are the twelfth in a long line of governesses who have come here to look after my children since their mother died. I trust you will be an improvement on the last one. She stayed only two hours.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Rolfe: [narrating a "telegram" for Liesl] Dear Liesl, I would like to tell you how I feel about you STOP Unfortunately, this wire is already too expensive Sincerely, Rolfe Liesl: [sounded offended] Sincerely? Rolfe: Cordially? Liesl: [turning away] Cordially? Rolfe: Affectionately? [Liesl smiles and throws her arms around his neck]

§The Sound of Music ¤ Max: He's got to at least *pretend* to work with these people. You must convince him. Maria: I can't ask him to be less than he is.

§The Sound of Music ¤ The Baroness: There's nothing more irresistible to a man than a woman who's in love with him.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Gretl: It'll be my first party, father.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Marta: Can we really keep the puppet show, Uncle Max? Max: Of course. Why else do you think I had Professor Cohen send the bill to your father?

§The Sound of Music ¤ Marta: I'm Marta, and I'm going to be seven on Tuesday, and I'd like a pink parasol. Maria: Well, pink's my favorite color, too.

§The Sound of Music ¤ Maria: What is it? Captain von Trapp: Berlin. They've offered me a commission. I've been requested to accept immediately and report to their naval base at Bremerhaven tomorrow. Maria: I knew this would happen. I didn't think it would be so soon. Captain von Trapp: To refuse them would be fatal for all of us. And joining them would be unthinkable.

§The Sound of Music ¤ The Baroness: [to Captain Von Trapp] Fond as I am of you... I really don't think you're the right man for me. You're, um... You're much too independent. And I - I need someone who needs me desperately... or at least needs my money desperately.

§Amores Perros ¤ El Chivo: At the time, I thought there were more important things than being with you and your mom. I wanted to set the world right, and then share it with you. I failed, as you can see.

§Amores Perros ¤ Susana: [to Octavio] You and your plans. You know what my grandmother used to say? If you want to make God laugh... tell Him your plans.

§Amores Perros ¤ El Chivo: So how shall we call my dog? Luis Miranda Solares: I don't know, "LostDog"? El Chivo: [sarcastically] You have a good imagination, you must be in advertisement!

§Amores Perros ¤ El Chivo: Do you want something to drink? I've got rum, water and milk. Luis Miranda Solares: What are you gonna do with me? El Chivo: What does that mean? rum, water or milk? Luis Miranda Solares: My question means what it means!

§Amores Perros ¤ [at the Supermarket] Ramiro: Did you find everything you needed? Octavio: I am just missing some condoms. I didn't find my size.

§Amores Perros ¤ Octavio: [to his brother Ramiro after being threatened] Being tough won't make you smart.

§Amores Perros ¤ Luis Miranda Solares: Is this kidnapping or robbery? El Chivo: It could be the last day of your life.

§Amores Perros ¤ El Chivo: [to his newfound dog, Blackie, after misbehaving] It's not right, asshole!

§Amores Perros ¤ Ramiro: If you don't fuck off, I'll kick your fucking ass! Octavio: I'm not scared of you. [Octavio headbutts Ramiro]

§Amores Perros ¤ Daniel: I'll be back around two, okay, hon? Valeria: If you never come back it's okay too, bastard.

§Amores Perros ¤ El Chivo: [to Aunt Luisa] You're hostile, sister-in-law.

§Amores Perros ¤ Octavio: [to Susana numerous times] If not now, then when?

§Amores Perros ¤ Octavio: Come away with me.

§Amores Perros ¤ El Chivo: Want something to drink? I've got rum, water and milk. Luis Miranda Solares: What you're gonna do with me? El Chivo: What does that mean? Rum, water or milk? Luis Miranda Solares: My question means what it means. El Chivo: Look you little asshole, I'm offering you something to drink and if you were little perceptive, just a little, you'd realize that for now, I'm not gonna kill you, jackoff. Rum, water or milk? Luis Miranda Solares: Water...

§Amores Perros ¤ Luis Miranda Solares: Who paid you to kill me? El Chivo: Can't you guess? Luis Miranda Solares: ...no. El Chivo: What if I told you that it was that lady you fuck every day on that motel? Luis Miranda Solares: Martha?... No, she can't be. El Chivo: Yeah, you're right, it wasn't her... it was your wife, bro. Luis Miranda Solares: My wife? Does she know about Martha? El Chivo: I dunno, does she?... [laughs] El Chivo: No man! She wasn't either. Luis Miranda Solares: Martha's husband... El Chivo: Oooh, she's married? Goddamn brother! As you can see there's a lot of people that want you dead!

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. de Winter: Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.

§Rebecca ¤ [the new Mrs. de Winter wants to dispose of Rebecca's letters] The Second Mrs. de Winter: I want you to get rid of all these things. Mrs. Danvers: But these are Mrs. de Winter's things. The Second Mrs. de Winter: *I* am Mrs. de Winter now!

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: I'm asking you to marry me, you little fool.

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: Most girls would give their eyes for the chance to see Monte! Maxim de Winter: Wouldn't that rather defeat the purpose?

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Danvers: [as the second Mrs. de Winter runs into the room] I watched you go down just as I watched her a year ago. Even in the same dress you couldn't compare. The Second Mrs. de Winter: You knew it! You knew that she wore it, and yet you deliberately suggested I wear it. Why do you hate me? What have I done to you that you should ever hate me so? Mrs. Danvers: You tried to take her place. You let him marry you. I've seen his face - his eyes. They're the same as those first weeks after she died. I used to listen to him, walking up and down, up and down, all night long, night after night, thinking of her, suffering torture because he lost her! The Second Mrs. de Winter: [turning away in shame and shock] I don't want to know, I don't want to know! Mrs. Danvers: [moving towards her] You thought you could be Mrs. de Winter, live in her house, walk in her steps, take the things that were hers! But she's too strong for you. You can't fight her - no one ever got the better of her. Never, never. She was beaten in the end, but it wasn't a man, it wasn't a woman. It was the sea! The Second Mrs. de Winter: [collapsing in tears on the bed] Oh, stop it! Stop it! Oh, stop it! Mrs. Danvers: [opening the shutters] You're overwrought, madam. I've opened a window for you. A little air will do you good. [as the second Mrs. de Winter gets up and walks toward the window] Mrs. Danvers: Why don't you go? Why don't you leave Manderley? He doesn't need you... he's got his memories. He doesn't love you, he wants to be alone again with her. You've nothing to stay for. You've nothing to live for really, have you? [softly, almost hypnotically] Mrs. Danvers: Look down there. It's easy, isn't it? Why don't you? Why don't you? Go on. Go on. Don't be afraid...

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: I can't forget what it's done to you. I've been thinking of nothing else since it happened. It's gone forever, that funny young, lost look I loved won't ever come back. I killed that when I told you about Rebecca. It's gone. In a few hours, you've grown so much older.

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. de Winter: [about her father] He had a theory that if you should find one perfect thing, or place or person, you should stick to it. Do you think that's very silly? Maxim de Winter: No, i'm a firm believer in that myself.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: Please promise me never to wear black satin or pearls... or to be 36 years old.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: She was incapable of love or tenderness or decency.

§Rebecca ¤ The Second Mrs. de Winter: I've been thinking... Maxim de Winter: Now why would you want to go and do that for?

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Danvers: [brings out a negligee from under the bedcovers] Did you ever see anything so delicate? [motions the second Mrs. de Winter over] Mrs. Danvers: Look, you can see my hand through it!

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: Happiness is something I know nothing about.

§Rebecca ¤ The Second Mrs. de Winter: No, it's not too late. You're not to say that. I love you more than anything in the world. Oh, please Maxim, kiss me please. Maxim de Winter: No, it's no use. It's too late.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: "I'll make a bargain with you," she said. "You'd look rather foolish trying to divorce me now after four days of marriage. So I'll play the part of a devoted wife, mistress of your precious Manderley. I'll make it the most famous showplace in England if you like. Then, people will visit us and envy us, and say we're the luckiest, happiest, couple in the country. What a grand show it will be! What a triumph!"

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Danvers: [just as the second Mrs. de Winter reaches for the door] You wouldn't think she'd been gone so long, would you? Sometimes, when I walk along the corridor, I fancy I hear her just behind me. That quick light step, I couldn't mistake it anywhere. It's not only in this room, it's in all the rooms in the house. I can almost hear it now. [turns to the petrified second Mrs. de Winter] Mrs. Danvers: Do you think the dead come back and watch the living? The Second Mrs. de Winter: [sobbing] N-no, I don't believe it. Mrs. Danvers: Sometimes, I wonder if she doesn't come back here to Manderley, to watch you and Mr. de Winter together. You look tired. Why don't you stay here a while and rest, and listen to the sea? It's so soothing. Listen to it. [turning away towards the window as the second Mrs. de Winter slips out the door] Mrs. Danvers: Listen. Listen to the sea.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: You thought I loved Rebecca? You thought that? I hated her!

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. de Winter: I wish I were a woman of 36, dressed in black satin with a string of pearls! Maxim de Winter: You wouldn't be here with me if you were.

§Rebecca ¤ [urging Mrs. de Winter to jump out the window and end her misery] Mrs. Danvers: Go ahead. Jump. He never loved you, so why go on living? Jump and it will all be over...

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Danvers: Oh, you've moved her brush, haven't you? [moves it slightly] Mrs. Danvers: There, that's better. Just as she always laid it down. "Come on, Danny, hair drill," she would say. [picks up the brush and goes through the motions of combing the second Mrs. De Winter's hair, without actually touching it] Mrs. Danvers: And I'd stand behind her like this and brush away for twenty minutes at a time. [lays down the brush and looks at the portrait of Maxim] Mrs. Danvers: Then she would say, "Good night, Danny," and step into her bed.

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: [after hearing about Rebecca's engagement with Maxim] Tennis lessons my foot!

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: That's not the Northern lights. That's Manderley!

§Rebecca ¤ Jack Favell: I'd like to have your advice on how to live comfortably without hard work.

§Rebecca ¤ [after being asked what his costume was] Major Giles Lacy: Strong man, Old man.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: I knew where Rebecca's body was, lying on that cabin floor on the bottom of the sea. Mrs. de Winter: How did you know, Maxim? Maxim de Winter: Because... I put it there.

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Danvers: She knew everyone that mattered. Everyone loved her.

§Rebecca ¤ Colonel Julyan: Well, let me tell you something, Favell: blackmail isn't so pure nor so simple, and it brings a great deal of trouble to a great many people before it's through, and we know how to deal with it in our part of the world. And, sometimes, the blackmailer finds *himself* in jail at the end of it!

§Rebecca ¤ Jack Favell: I say, marriage with Max is not exactly a bed of roses, is it?

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: [after he has asked her to marry him] My suggestion doesn't seem to have gone at all well, i'm sorry. The Second Mrs. de Winter: Oh, but you don't understand! It's that I... well I'm not the sort of person men marry.

§Rebecca ¤ Jack Favell: You know, old boy, I have a strong feeling... that before the day is out, somebody's going to make use of that... rather expressive, though somewhat old-fashioned term ''foul play.''

§Rebecca ¤ Policeman: Is this your car, sir ? Jack Favell: Yes. Policeman: Will you be going soon ? This isn't a parking place, you know. Jack Favell: Oh, isn't it ? People are entitled... to leave their cars outside if they want to. It's a pity some of you fellows haven't anything better to do!

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: Have you been doing anything you shouldn't?

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. de Winter: I wish I were a woman of 36, dressed in black satin with a string of pearls!

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Danvers: [to Mrs. de Winter] I watched you go down, just as I watched her a year ago. Even in the same dress, you couldn't compare.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: [to his wife at breakfast] Have a look at "The Times"; there's a thrilling article on what's the matter with English cricket!

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: [to Rebeca] It wouldn't make for sanity, would it, living with the devil.

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. de Winter: [opening voice-over] Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again. It seemed to me I stood by the iron gate leading to the drive, and for a while I could not enter, for the way was barred to me. Then, like all dreamers, I was possessed of a sudden with supernatural powers and passed like a spirit through the barrier before me. The drive wound away in front of me, twisting and turning as it had always done. But as I advanced, I was aware that a change had come upon it. Nature had come into her own again, and little by little had encroached upon the drive with long, tenacious fingers. On and on wound the poor thread that had once been our drive, and finally there was Manderley. Manderley - secretive and silent. Time could not mar the perfect symmetry of those walls. Moonlight can play odd tricks upon the fancy, and suddenly it seemed to me that light came from the windows. And then a cloud came upon the moon and hovered an instant like a dark hand before a face. The illusion went with it. I looked upon a desolate shell with no whisper of the past about its staring walls. We can never go back to Manderley again. That much is certain. But sometimes, in my dreams I do go back to the strange days of my life, which began for me in the South of France.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: Oh, I was carried away by her, enchanted by her, as everyone was. And when I was married, I was told I was the luckiest man in the world. She was so lovely, so accomplished, so amusing. She's got the three things that really matter in a wife, everyone said. Breeding, brains and beauty. And I believed them, completely.

§Rebecca ¤ Maxim de Winter: You despise me, don't you?

§Rebecca ¤ The Second Mrs. de Winter: Good evening, Mr. DeWinter.

§Rebecca ¤ Mrs. Edythe Van Hopper: [to Joan Fontaine] The trouble is, wiith me laid up like this, you haven't had enough to do.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ [Luke wins a poker hand on a bluff] Dragline: Nothin'! A handful of nothin'. You stupid mullet head, he beat you with nothin', just like today when he kept comin' back at me, with nothin'. Luke: Yeah, well... sometimes nothin' can be a real cool hand.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: He was smiling... That's right. You know, that, that Luke smile of his. He had it on his face right to the very end. Hell, if they didn't know it 'fore, they could tell right then that they weren't a-gonna beat him. That old Luke smile. Oh, Luke. He was some boy. Cool Hand Luke. Hell, he's a natural-born world-shaker.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Captain: What we've got here is... failure to communicate. Some men you just can't reach. So you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it... well, he gets it. I don't like it any more than you men.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Boss: Sorry, Luke. I'm just doing my job. You gotta appreciate that. Luke: Nah - calling it your job don't make it right, Boss.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Luke: Yeah, well... sometimes nothin' can be a real cool hand.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: Why you got to go and say fifty eggs for? Why not thirty-five or thirty-nine? Luke: I thought it was a nice round number.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ The Girl: [Washing her car with the radio on loud to get the prisoners' attention] Dragline: Hey, Lord... whatever I done, don't strike me blind for another couple of minutes.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Carr: Them clothes got laundry numbers on them. You remember your number and always wear the ones that has your number. Any man forgets his number spends a night in the box. These here spoons you keep with you. Any man loses his spoon spends a night in the box. There's no playing grab-ass or fighting in the building. You got a grudge against another man, you fight him Saturday afternoon. Any man playing grab-ass or fighting in the building spends a night in the box. First bell's at five minutes of eight when you will get in your bunk. Last bell is at eight. Any man not in his bunk at eight spends the night in the box. There is no smoking in the prone position in bed. To smoke you must have both legs over the side of your bunk. Any man caught smoking in the prone position in bed... spends a night in the box. You get two sheets. Every Saturday, you put the clean sheet on the top... the top sheet on the bottom... and the bottom sheet you turn in to the laundry boy. Any man turns in the wrong sheet spends a night in the box. No one'll sit in the bunks with dirty pants on. Any man with dirty pants on sitting on the bunks spends a night in the box. Any man don't bring back his empty pop bottle spends a night in the box. Any man loud talking spends a night in the box. You got questions, you come to me. I'm Carr, the floor walker. I'm responsible for order in here. Any man don't keep order spends a night in... Luke: ...the box. Carr: I hope you ain't going to be a hard case. Luke: [Smiles, shakes head]

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dog Boy: Well, lookie here. I knew they'd get you. Them chains and a bonus of a couple of years... Your running days are over forever, boy. Hell, I'd like to see you try to run again. You know, you getting so you smell so bad I can track you myself. Luke: Yeah, well, that ought to be easy for a genuine son of a bitch.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Luke: Anybody here? Hey, Old Man. You home tonight? Can You spare a minute. It's about time we had a little talk. I know I'm a pretty evil fellow... killed people in the war and got drunk... and chewed up municipal property and the like. I know I got no call to ask for much... but even so, You've got to admit You ain't dealt me no cards in a long time. It's beginning to look like You got things fixed so I can't never win out. Inside, outside, all of them... rules and regulations and bosses. You made me like I am. Now just where am I supposed to fit in? Old Man, I gotta tell You. I started out pretty strong and fast. But it's beginning to get to me. When does it end? What do You got in mind for me? What do I do now? Right. All right. [Gets on knees, closes eyes and begins to pray] Luke: On my knees, asking. [Peeks up with one eye, waits. Then opens eyes and crosses arms] Luke: Yeah, that's what I thought. I guess I'm pretty tough to deal with, huh? A hard case. [Clicks tongue] Luke: Yeah. I guess I gotta find my own way. [Headlights shine through windows, backs up] Dragline: Luke? Luke: [Shakes head and smiles] Is that Your answer, Old Man? I guess You're a hard case, too.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ [Discussing God and the rain] Luke: Let him go. Bam, Bam. Dragline: Knock it off, Luke. You can't talk about Him that way. Luke: Are you still believin' in that big bearded Boss up there? You think he's watchin' us? Dragline: Get in here. Ain't ya scared? Ain't ya scared of dyin'? Luke: Dyin'? Boy, he can have this little life any time he wants to. Do ya hear that? Are ya hearin' it? Come on. You're welcome to it, ol' timer. Let me know you're up there. Come on. Love me, hate me, kill me, anything. Just let me know it. [He looks around] Luke: I'm just standin' in the rain talkin' to myself.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: That's my darling Luke. He grins like a baby but bites like a gator.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Luke's Nephew: [on visiting day] Uncle Luke? Why can't *you* have chains? Luke: John-boy, lemme tell you something. You know, them chains ain't medals. You get 'em for making mistakes. And you make a *bad* enough mistake, and then you gotta deal with the Man. And he is one rough old boy.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Arletta: [Speaking to her son Luke] You know, sometimes, I wished people was like dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like, when the bitch just don't recognize the pups no more, so she don't have no hopes nor love to give her pain. She just don't give a damn.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ [Why he was cutting the heads off parking meters] Luke: Small town, not much to do in the evenin'.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Luke: Oh come on. Stop beatin' it. Get out there yourself. Stop feedin' off me. Get out of here. I can't breathe. Give me some air.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Captain: You gonna get used to wearin' them chains afer a while, Luke. Don't you never stop listenin' to them clinking. 'Cause they gonna remind you of what I been saying. For your own good. Luke: Wish you'd stop being so good to me, Captain.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: [encouraging Luke in the egg-eating] Just let that li'l ol' belly sag and enjoy yourself!

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Captain: Now, I can be a good guy, or I can be one real mean sum-bitch.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: Where'd the road go? Luke: That's it. That's the end of it. Convict: Man, there's still daylight. Dragline: About two hours left. Convict: What do we do now? Luke: Nothin'. Dragline: Oh Luke, you wild, beautiful thing. You crazy handful of nothin'.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ The Girl: [Washing herself down while cleaning her car with her radio on loud to get the prisoners' attention] Koko: God, she don't know what she's doing. Luke: Oh boy, she knows exactly what she's doing. She's driving us crazy, and loving every minute of it!

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: [Dragline attacks Boss Godfrey after Godfrey fatally shoots Luke. The other prison guards subdue him to the ground. Sobbing and sitting against a car Dragline tells Luke...] You hang on in there Luke. You hang on. There's gonna be some world-shakin' Luke. We gonna send you a postcard.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: He's a natural born world-shaker.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Boss Paul: That ditch is Boss Kean's ditch. And I told him that dirt in it's your dirt. What's your dirt doin' in his ditch? Luke: I don't know, Boss. Boss Paul: You better get in there and get it out, boy.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ [Discussing a new prisoner who has to spend the night in the box] Dragline: He ain't in the box because of the joke played on him. He back-sassed a free man. They got their rules. We ain't got nothin' to do with that. Would probably have happened to him sooner or later anyway, a complainer like him. He gotta learn the rules the same as anybody else. Luke: Yeah, them poor old bosses need all the help they can get.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Arletta: Why, we always thought you was strong enough to carry it. Was we wrong? Luke: I don't know. Well, things are just never the way they seem, Arletta, you know that. A man's just gotta go his own way.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Captain: You run one time, you got yourself a set of chains. You run twice you got yourself two sets. You ain't gonna need no third set, 'cause you gonna get your mind right.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ [Dragline has repeatedly knocked Luke down during a boxing match] Dragline: Stay down. You're beat. Luke: You're gonna hafta kill me... [struggles back to his feet]

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ [Alone in a church, talking to God, as police lights begin flashing] Luke: Is that your answer, old man? Well, I guess you're a hard case too.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Luke: I can eat fifty eggs. Dragline: Nobody can eat fifty eggs. Society Red: You just said he could eat anything. Dragline: Did you ever eat fifty eggs? Luke: Nobody ever eat fifty eggs. Prisoner: Hey, Babalugats. We got a bet here. Dragline: My boy says he can eat fifty eggs, he can eat fifty eggs. Loudmouth Steve: Yeah, but in how long? Luke: A hour. Society Red: Well, I believe I'll take part of that wager.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dragline: Anything so innocent and built like that just gotta be named Lucille.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Luke: What we got here is a failure to communicate.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ [Moving through the crowd, all excited about the record breaking egg eating about to take place] Dragline: Alright, stand back you pedestrians, this ain't no automobile accident.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ John: [Visiting hours are over and John Sr. gives Luke his banjo, last remaining possession, before leaving] Now there ain't nothing to come back for.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Dog Boy: Look Cap'n, look what he done to Blue. He's dead, he's dead. he run himself plumb to death.

§Cool Hand Luke ¤ Captain: You can have the easy way, Luke... Or you can have it the hard way, boy. It's all up to you.

§The Iron Giant ¤ [as the Giant flies toward the missle] Hogarth Hughes: [in the Giant's mind] You are who you choose to be. The Iron Giant: Superman.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: [to the Giant, in battle mode] It's bad to kill. Guns kill. And you don't have to be a gun. You are what you choose to be. You choose. Choose.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: I know you feel bad about the deer, but it's not your fault. Things die. That's part of life. It's bad to kill, but it's not bad to die. The Iron Giant: You die? Hogarth Hughes: Well, yes, someday. The Iron Giant: I die? Hogarth Hughes: I don't know. You're made of metal, but you have feelings, and you think about things, and that means you have a soul. And souls don't die. The Iron Giant: Soul? Hogarth Hughes: Mom says it's something inside of all good things, and that it goes on forever and ever. [Hogarth leaves. The Iron Giant lays back to look at the stars] The Iron Giant: Souls don't die.

§The Iron Giant ¤ The Iron Giant: [as a nuclear missile is headed for Rockwell; to himself] I fix. Hogarth Hughes: Giant? The Iron Giant: [kneels down to Hogarth] Hogarth. You stay. I go. [lifts Hogarth's chin with a finger and waves his other finger at him] The Iron Giant: No following. Hogarth Hughes: I love you. [the Giant takes off to intercept the rocket]

§The Iron Giant ¤ Annie Hughes: Would you say grace, please? [Hogarth sees the Giant's hand in the kitchen] Hogarth Hughes: Oh my God... Um, uh... oh, my God! We... thank you for the... er, food that mom has put in front of us and *stop!*... uh, the Devil... from doing bad things? And er, get out of here!... Uh, Satan? Go! Go so... that we may live in peace. Amen. Annie Hughes: Amen. That was... hmm, really unusual, Hogarth. Hogarth Hughes: [speaking quickly] Forgot to wash my hands! Annie Hughes: [as Hogarth races out of the room] What--? Okay.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: Welcome to downtown Coolsville! Population: us.

§The Iron Giant ¤ The Iron Giant: I am not a gun.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: [talking very fast, on caffeine] So she moved me up a grade 'cause I wasn't fitting in, so now I'm even more not fitting in. I was getting good grades, you know, like all A's. So my mom says, "You need stimulation," and I go, "No, I'm stimulated enough right now." Dean McCoppin: That's for sure. Hogarth Hughes: So she says, "Uh-uh, You don't have a challenge, you need a challenge." So now I'm challenged, all right- I'm challenged to hold on to my lunch money because of all the big mooses who wanna pound me, 'cause they think I'm a shrimpy dork who thinks he's smarter than them! But I don't think I'm smarter, I just do the stupid homework! If everyone else JUST DID THE STUPID HOMEWORK, they could move up a grade and get pounded, too! Is there anymore coffee?

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: Look, it's none of my business, but who cares what these creeps think of you? They don't make you what you are, you do. You are who you choose to be.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: Get back! I said get back! I mean it! The Iron Giant: No. Stop. Why? Hogarth Hughes: It was an accident. He's our friend. Dean McCoppin: He's a piece of hardware, Hogarth. Why did you think the army was here? He's a weapon, a big... big gun that walks. The Iron Giant: I... I not gun. Dean McCoppin: Yeah? Then what's that? [Points at huge hole the Giant's ray left on a bus] Dean McCoppin: You almost did that to Hogarth! The Iron Giant: No! [Runs away] Hogarth Hughes: Wait! [Runs after the Giant] Dean McCoppin: Hogarth! Hogarth Hughes: Come back! Dean McCoppin: [sees the toy gun Hogarth left on the ground] It was being defensive. He reacted to the gun.

§The Iron Giant ¤ General Rogard: That missile is targeted to the giant's current position! WHERE'S THE GIANT, MANSLEY? Kent Mansley: [notices the giant is standing just a few feet away. It glares at him] Oooh... We can duck and cover! There's a fallout shelter not far from... General Rogard: There's no way to survive this thing, you idiot! Kent Mansley: You mean we're all going to... General Rogard: To die, Mansley. For our country. Kent Mansley: Screw our country! I WANT TO LIVE! [he jumps into a jeep and attempts to drive away, but the giant stops him by slamming his hand down like a roadblock. As Mansley recovers from the crash, some of the soldiers train their rifles on him] General Rogard: Hold him, men! Make sure he stays here... like a good soldier...

§The Iron Giant ¤ [the Iron Giant is eating one of Dean's sculptures] Dean McCoppin: There are two kinds of metal in this yard: scrap and art. If you gotta eat one of them, eat the scrap. What you currently have - IN YOUR MOUTH! - is ART.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Earl Stutz: I'm telling the truth, dang it! It came from outer space. I saw it! And it was headed toward land. I called the government in Washington. Maybe it was a sputnik, or... or an invader from Mars. That's what it is, an invader from Mars! It was a spaceship of some kind. An unidentified flying object... Man: Unidentified? Knowing you, Earl, I'd say it was either whiskey or beer. [others laugh] Dean McCoppin: Hey! I saw it too. Man: I rest my case. [others laugh] Hogarth Hughes: I believe you. What if it is Sputnik, or a flying saucer from Mars? I bet we could find it. Dean McCoppin: Sorry, kid. I didn't really see anything. But if we don't stick up for the kooks, who will?

§The Iron Giant ¤ The Iron Giant: No Atomo... I Superman!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: You know, Hogarth, we live in a strange and wondrous time: the Atomic Age. But there's a dark side to progress, Hogarth. Ever hear of Sputnik? Hogarth Hughes: Yeah, first satellite in space. Kent Mansley: Foreign satellite, Hogarth, and all that that implies. Even now it orbits overhead - Boop! Boop! - watching us. We can't see it but it's there, much like that giant thing in the woods. We don't know what it is or what it can do. I don't feel safe, Hogarth. Do you? Hogarth Hughes: What are you talking about? Kent Mansley: What am I talking about? [Loses patience] Kent Mansley: What am I talking about? I'm talking about your goldarned security, Hogarth! While you're snoozing in your widdle jammies, back in Washington we're wide awake and worried! Why? Because everyone wants what we have, Hogarth! Everyone! You think this metal man is fun, but who built it? The Russians? The Chinese? Martians? Canadians? I don't care! All I know is we didn't build it, and that's reason enough to assume the worst and blow it to kingdom come! Now, you are going to tell me about this thing, you are going to lead me to it, and we are going to destroy it before it destroys us! [Mansley's stomach rumbles, having been unknowingly given ice cream laced with Ex-Lax] Kent Mansley: [racing to the bathroom] Just hold that thought and stay right there!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: Hey, Dean! Watch this! Dean McCoppin: All right, we're watching. Hogarth Hughes: This one's for professionals only! Banzai! [dives into lake, starts shivering] Hogarth Hughes: Come on in! The water's... great. Dean McCoppin: No, thanks. Hogarth Hughes: You... weenie! [to the Giant] Hogarth Hughes: Come on in. It's really, really refreshing. [the Giant walks away] Hogarth Hughes: What? You too? You... big baby! The Iron Giant: [the sound of the Giant running is heard; suddenly he jumps into the water] Banzai!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: The biggest thing in this town is probably the homecoming queen. [suddenly seeing half of his car gone] Kent Mansley: Oh my GOD!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: Your mom's working late tonight, Hogarth, so it's just us guys, and we're gonna have a little chat. Sit down! [shoves Hogarth onto a chair and shines a bright light on him] Kent Mansley: How's that? A little too bright? Good. Forgive me, Hogarth. I wanted you to learn something. Hogarth Hughes: What can I learn from you? Kent Mansley: You can learn this, Hogarth. That I can do anything I want, whenever I want if I feel it's in the people's best interest. The giant metal man. Where is it? Hogarth Hughes: I don't know what you're talking about. Kent Mansley: You don't? Does this ring a bell? [lays down the picture Hogarth took of the aluminum siding he used to lure the Giant] Kent Mansley: No? How about this? [lays down the photo Hogarth accidentally took of himself - with the Giant behind him] Kent Mansley: You've been careless, Hogarth. Hogarth Hughes: It doesn't prove anything. Kent Mansley: It's enough to get the army here with one phone call. Hogarth Hughes: Then what's stopping you? Kent Mansley: [angry] Where's the giant? [Grabs Hogarth by the jaw] Kent Mansley: You can't protect him, Hogarth, anymore than you can... protect your mother. Hogarth Hughes: My mom? Kent Mansley: It's difficult to raise a boy all alone. We can make it more difficult. In fact, we can make it so difficult that it would be irresponsible for us to leave you in her care, and all that that implies. You'll be taken away from her, Hogarth. Hogarth Hughes: You can't do that! Kent Mansley: Oh, we can, and we will. Hogarth Hughes: He's at the junkyard. McCoppin's Scrap off Culver Road. Kent Mansley: The junkyard, of course! Food for the metal eater. I wouldn't worry about this, Hogarth. This isn't really happening. It's only... a bad dream. [puts a chloroform rag on Hogarth's mouth, leaving him unconscious]

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: You came here just in time. This rich cat, some industrialist wanted him for the lobby of his company. Whipped out his checkbook right on the spot. I said, "You get him for the rest of your life, but, what, I have to give him up the minute I give birth? Give me time to cut the umbilical, man."

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: Sorry about the crowbar, kid. You'd be surprised how many people want to steal scrap. But, man, once I make it into art, I can't give it away. I mean, what am I? A junkman who makes art or an artist who sells junk? You tell me.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: Can you talk? You know, words? Blah, blah, blah, like that? Can you do that, blah, blah, blah? The Iron Giant: [very rusty] Blah, blah, blah. Hogarth Hughes: Well, you get the idea, anyway.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: You can fly? YOU CAN FLY!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: Oh, hey, I know you. Squirrel boy. Hogarth Hughes: Uh, Hogarth. Dean McCoppin: By night known as Hogarth.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: Wow, my own giant robot! I am now the luckiest kid in America! This must be the biggest discovery since, I don't know, television or something!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: Hey, mom! You won't believe our good luck. Guess what I found? Annie Hughes: Hogarth, we've been through this before. No pets. Hogarth Hughes: But he's not a pet, mom. He's a friend. Annie Hughes: Hogarth, we've got to rent a room this year if we're gonna make ends meet, and no one wants to live in a place with shredded upholstery. Hogarth Hughes: You'll never know he's there. I'll keep him in a cage... Annie Hughes: ...until you feel sorry for him and set him free in the house. You remember the raccoon, Hogarth? [Shudders] Annie Hughes: Oooooh! I remember the raccoon.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: [after his first meeting with the Hughes family] HoGARTH? What an embarrassing name. Might as well call him Zeppo, or something like that. What kind of sick person would name a kid Hogar... [stops and looks over to Hogarth's smashed B-B gun. It reads part of Hogarth's name: Hog- Hug-] Kent Mansley: Hog Hug. HOG HUG? HOGARTH HUGHES! [stops the car he was driving]

§The Iron Giant ¤ Marv Loach: What department is that again? Kent Mansley: Frankly, I'm not at liberty to divulge the particulars of the agency I work for, and all that that implies. Marv Loach: You mean, national security? Kent Mansley: Let me put it this way. Every so often things happen that can't be rationalized in a conventional way. People wanna know their government has a response. I am that response.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: The army arrives in the morning, Hogarth. Don't get cute.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: So we can't call Ripley's Believe it or Not, because... they wouldn't believe it.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: I thought you might like, you know, a bedtime story. I have some really cool ones. Mad Magazine - very funny. The Spirit - very cool. Boy's Life - eh. Oh, here. This is Superman. He's a lot like you. Crash-landed on Earth, didn't know what he was doing... but he only uses his powers for good, never for evil. Remember that. [Giant looks at a comic with a robot like himself on the cover] Hogarth Hughes: Oh, that's Atomo, the metal menace. He's not a hero, he's a villain. But you're not like him. You're a good guy, like Superman. The Iron Giant: Super... man.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: I'm gonna have coffee. What do you want, some milk, or... what? Milk? Hogarth Hughes: Coffee's fine. [Dean looks at Hogarth skeptically] Hogarth Hughes: Yeah, I drink it. I'm hip. Dean McCoppin: I dunno. This is espresso, you know? It's like Coffee-zilla. Hogarth Hughes: I said I'm hip.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: [picking up a rock] See this? This is called a rock. Rock. The Iron Giant: [a little rusty] Rock. Hogarth Hughes: Good. The Iron Giant: [picks up a boulder] Rock? Hogarth Hughes: Yes! The Iron Giant: [picks up a tree] Rock. Hogarth Hughes: No, no. That is a tree. Rock... tree. Get it? The Iron Giant: Rock... tree. Hogarth Hughes: That's right!

§The Iron Giant ¤ [a huge wave has pushed Dean into the middle of a nearby road] Truck Driver: Hey! Dean McCoppin: Yeah? Truck Driver: You're right in the middle of the road! Dean McCoppin: YEAH? Truck Driver: All right. [drives off] Dean McCoppin: I think that's enough fun for one day.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: [seeing the shot deer] It's dead. The Iron Giant: Dead? [the Giant tries to pick up the deer] Hogarth Hughes: Don't do that! The Iron Giant: But... why? Hogarth Hughes: It's dead, understand? They shot it, with that gun. [the Giant looks at the gun; his eyes narrow and turn red] Hogarth Hughes: Hey, are you all right? The Iron Giant: [snaps out of it] Gun. Hogarth Hughes: Yes. Guns kill. The Iron Giant: Guns kill.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: Found your pet. Hogarth Hughes: Where? Dean McCoppin: It's up my leg, man. Squirrel's in my pants, Hogarth, and it's climbing its way out of here. Hogarth Hughes: Don't wig out. Dean McCoppin: Okay, it's heading north now. I'm sorry, kid. [to the people in the restaurant] Dean McCoppin: Excuse me! I'd like to apologize to everyone in advance for this. [zips down his fly to let the squirrel out, which cause a loud commotion] Dean McCoppin: Check, please.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Annie Hughes: Strange. He's so tight-lipped now, and yesterday he wouldn't stop talking. I mean, hundred-foot robots and whatnot. Kent Mansley: Hundred-foot robot? He, he. That's nutty. [they both laugh] Kent Mansley: What else did he say?

§The Iron Giant ¤ General Rogard: You'll be Chief Inspector of Subway Toilets by the time I'm through with you!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: Hey there, scout! Kent Mansley, I work for the government.

§The Iron Giant ¤ [Hogarth groans as he struggles to push the giant's hand out the bathroom window] Kent Mansley: You know, this sort of thing is why it's important to always chew your food.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Annie Hughes: [to other waitress in background] So, he wants us to hold the mustard and the mayo. How about just hold the flavor altogether?

§The Iron Giant ¤ Atomic Holocaust Narrator: [singing a bomb drill ditty] Time to duck and cover, the bombs are comin' down. The radiation shower will pour throughout your town. Hands over your head; keep low to the ground. Time to duck and cover, the bombs are comin' down. Duck and cover. Duck and cover. Get under the desk with your sister and your brother. Duck and cover. Duck and cover. Hands over your head; keep low to the ground. And all the kids who don't will cease to be around.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: Launch the missile now!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Kent Mansley: Please, Sir, I've got a feeling about this one. General Rogard: That's nice, Mansley, but let me explain how things are supposed to work. If you had, say, a footprint, I might be able to send over an expert to make a plaster cast of it. Hell, you get me a photograph of this thing, I can send some troops down there! But you tell me you've got a feeling... Kent Mansley: All right... you want evidence? I'll get you evidence. And when I do, I'm gonna want a memo distributed! General Rogard: That's just swell, Mansley. Kent Mansley: And I'm gonna want that memo carbon copied and distributed... [Rogard hangs up]

§The Iron Giant ¤ Dean McCoppin: Don't shoot! There's a kid in his hand! Kent, he only acts defensively. If you don't shoot, he's harmless. You gotta tell the general. Kent Mansley: This is your fault, beatnik. If you haven't interfered... Dean McCoppin: Will you just listen? Tell the general to stop. He's got the kid with him. Kent Mansley: I'll take care of it. [Dean leaves; Kent goes over to General Rogard] Kent Mansley: He said the monster has killed a kid. Sir, we must stop it at all costs. General Rogard: [On walkie-talkie] Go to Code Red! Repeat, Code Red!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: [Last Lines] Hogarth Hughes: See ya later

§The Iron Giant ¤ [Dean is trying to convince the General of the Giant's true nature] General Rogard: [Shocked] What are you saying, he's friendly? Dean McCoppin: Yes! Attacking him is triggering a defense mechanism. Kent Mansley: Don't listen to him, General! Destroy the monster while we still have a chance! [the Giant approaches in the mist as the soldiers ready their weapons] Dean McCoppin: General, you shoot now and the whole thing starts all over again. Kent Mansley: Stop it *now*, General! Our future's at stake! Soldier: Orders, sir? Dean McCoppin: Which is why you have got to stop, General! Soldier: It's getting closer! Orders, sir? Hogarth Hughes: [in the Giant's hand, emerging from the mist] Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Annie Hughes: Hogarth! General Rogard: Hold your fire! The boy's alive? Kent Mansley: [now almost completely crazed] It's a trick! Launch the missile! General Rogard: Are you mad, Mansley? All units, stand down! [on walkie talkie] General Rogard: Rogard to Nautilus. Come in, Nautilus. Nautilus Captain: [over walkie talkie] This is Nautilus, standing by. [Kent looks up to see the Giant glaring at him. Finally having lost all reason, Kent grabs the walkie talkie out of the General's hands and screams...] Kent Mansley: LAUNCH THE MISSILE NOW! [With a flip of a switch, the Nautilus fires off one of its atomic missiles into the sky]

§The Iron Giant ¤ Atomic Holocaust Narrator: A peaceful, uneventful day in a town much like your own. Then suddenly, without warning... [Explosion] Atomic Holocaust Narrator: [echoing] Atomic holocaust!

§The Iron Giant ¤ Hogarth Hughes: Hey, I thought you were in trouble. I had this weird guy following me around, it took me hours to shake him, I kill myself getting out here, and you have him doing... arts and crafts. Dean McCoppin: You have a problem with arts and crafts, little man? Hogarth Hughes: He's a giant robot. It's a little undignified. Dean McCoppin: It is? Well then, smart guy, what would you have him do?

§The Iron Giant ¤ Annie Hughes: For some reason the army is parked in our front yard, Mr. Mansley. Kent Mansley: Please, call me Kent.

§The Iron Giant ¤ Train Engineer #1: Go ahead. Tell him what you saw, Frank. Train Engineer #2: You're not gonna believe this, but it was a giant... metal... man.

§The Help ¤ Minny Jackson: Eat my shit. Hilly Holbrook: What'd you say? Minny Jackson: I said eat... my... shit. Hilly Holbrook: Have you lost your mind? Minny Jackson: No, ma'am but you is about to. 'Cause you just did.

§The Help ¤ Aibileen Clark: You is kind. You is smart. You is important.

§The Help ¤ Missus Walters: I may have trouble remembering my own name, or what country I live in, but there are two things I can't seem to forget: that my own daughter threw me into a nursing home, and that she ate Minny's shit.

§The Help ¤ Constantine Jefferson: What you doin' hiding out here, girl? Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: I just couldn't tell mama I didn't get invited to the dance. Constantine Jefferson: That's all right. Some things we just got to keep to ourselves. Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: The boys say I'm ugly. Mama was the third runner-up in the Miss South Carolina pageant... Constantine Jefferson: Now you quit feeling sorry for yourself. Now that's ugly. Ugly is something that grows up from inside you. It's mean and hurtful, like them boys. Now you not one of them, is you? [Skeeter shakes her head] Constantine Jefferson: I didn't think so, honey. Every day you're not dead in the ground, when you wake up in the morning, you're gonna have to make some decisions. Got to ask yourself this question: "Am I gonna believe all them bad things them fools say about me today?" You hear me? "Am I gonna believe all them bad things them fools say about me today?" All right? As for your mama, she didn't pick her life. It picked her. But you, you're gonna do something big with yours. You wait and see.

§The Help ¤ Hilly Holbrook: Maybe I can't send you to jail for what you wrote, but I can send you for being a thief. Aibileen Clark: I know something about you. Don't you forget that. From what Yule Mae says, there's a lot of time to write letters in jail. Plenty of time to write the truth about you. And the paper is free. Hilly Holbrook: Nobody will believe what you wrote! Aibileen Clark: I don't know. I been told I'm a pretty good writer, already sold a lot of books!

§The Help ¤ [Minny and Celia are discussing Celia's husband] Minny Jackson: Now I ain't messin' around no more. Now Mr. Johnny gonna catch me here and shoot me dead, right here on this no-wax floor. You gots to tell him. Ain't he wondering how the cooking's so good? Celia Foote: You're right. [She looks at the fried chicken leg she's eating] Celia Foote: Maybe we oughta burn the chicken a little. Minny Jackson: Minny don't burn chicken.

§The Help ¤ Mae Mobley: You my real mama, Aibi.

§The Help ¤ Charlotte Phelan: You know Hilly, if I didn't know any better, I'd say you've been eating too much *pie*.

§The Help ¤ Aibileen Clark: 18 people were killed in Jackson that night. 10 white and 8 black. I don't think God has color in mind when he sets a tornado loose.

§The Help ¤ [last lines] Aibileen Clark: In just ten minutes, the only life I knew was done. Mae Mobley: [calling after her through the window] A-a-a-aibee! Aibileen Clark: God says we need to love our enemies. It hard to do. But it can start by telling the truth. No one had ever asked me what it feel like to be me. Once I told the truth about that, I felt free. And I got to thinking about all the people I know. And the things I seen and done. My boy Trelaw always said we gonna have a writer in the family one day. I guess it's gonna be me.

§The Help ¤ Celia Foote: There you are! I'm starved. Looks so good! [sits down with Minny to have lunch] Minny Jackson: We done been over this, Miss Celia. You're supposed to eat in the dining room, that's how it works. Here, let me take your plate back. Celia Foote: [assertively, yet with respect, holding her plate] I'm fine right here, Minny.

§The Help ¤ Celia Foote: They don't like me because of what they think I did. Minny Jackson: They don't like you 'cause they think you white trash.

§The Help ¤ Charlotte Phelan: Courage sometimes skips a generation. Thank you for bringing it back to our family.

§The Help ¤ Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: I'm sorry, but were you dropped on your head as an infant? Or were you just born stupid?

§The Help ¤ Minny Jackson: [to Skeeter] You ain't got nothing left here but enemies in the Junior League. You done burned every bridge there is. And you ain't never gonna get another man in this town, everybody know that. So don't walk your white butt to New York, run it!

§The Help ¤ Johnny Foote: Listen, Celia finally told me about the babies. All of them. But I also know that the minute you started working here, she started getting better. You saved her life. Minny Jackson: You mean, you knew I'd been working here this whole time? Johnny Foote: Fried chicken and okra the first night? I mean, you all could have at least put some cornpone on the table. Minny Jackson: No, I can't let you eat no more cornpone, Mr. Johnny. Johnny Foote: Well, thanks to you, now I've have to let out every pair of pants I own.

§The Help ¤ Charlotte Phelan: Get your raggedy ass off my porch.

§The Help ¤ Hilly Holbrook: [check from Celia Foote] Pay to the order of: Two Slice Hilly, $200.00. [tears it up]

§The Help ¤ Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: What the hell? What are you doing here? [Hilly throws her cigarette at Skeeter] Hilly Holbrook: I contacted my lawyer. Hibby Goodman? He is the best libel attorney in the state. Oh, Missy, you are going to jail! Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: You can't prove anything! Hilly Holbrook: Oh, I 100% know you wrote it, 'cause nobody in this town is as tacky as you! Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: [Pokes Hilly] You don't know anything, Hilly! Hilly Holbrook: [Shoves Skeeter] Oh, I don't, do I? You tell Abilene the next time she wants to write about my good friend Elizabeth... Hm? Remember her? Had you in her wedding?... Let's just say Abilene should have been a bit smarter before writing about that L-shaped scratch in poor Elizabeth's dining table. [takes off her sunglasses] Hilly Holbrook: And that nigger Minny... do I have plans for her. Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: Careful, Hilly. That's chapter 12. [Hilly gasps] Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: Don't give yourself away now. Hilly Holbrook: That was not me!

§The Help ¤ Hilly Holbrook: I specifically said, "Drop old *coats* at my house", not *commodes*!

§The Help ¤ Hilly Holbrook: They carry different diseases than we do. That's why I've drafted the Home Health Sanitation Initiative. Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: The what? Hilly Holbrook: A disease-preventative bill that requires every white home to have a separate bathroom for the colored help. It's been endorsed by the White Citizen's Council. Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: Maybe we should just build you a bathroom outside, Hilly.

§The Help ¤ [first lines] Aibileen Clark: I was born 1911, Chicksaw County, Piedmont Plantation. Woman: And did you know as a girl growing up that one day you'd be a maid? Aibileen Clark: Yes ma'am, I did. Woman: And you knew that because... Aibileen Clark: My mama was a maid. My grandmama was a house slave. Woman: [whispering as she writes down] "house slave..." Did you ever dream of being something else? Aibileen Clark: [nods yes] Woman: What does it feel like to raise a white child when your own child's at home being looked after by somebody else?

§The Help ¤ Charlotte Phelan: Your eggs are dying. Would it kill you to go on a date?

§The Help ¤ Charlotte Phelan: Love and hate are two horns on the same goat, Eugenia. And you need a goat.

§The Help ¤ Mr. Blackly: I guarantee you, one day they're going to figure out cigarettes will kill you.

§The Help ¤ Preacher Green: If you can love your enemy, you already have victory.

§The Help ¤ Minny Jackson: [Johnny's escorted Minny to the house where Celia has an elegant meal on the table] What's this? Celia Foote: [proudly] I cooked it all by myself. Johnny Foote: Yes she did. She was up all night. Celia Foote: I wanted to do something special. I wanted to say thank you. Minny Jackson: So, I ain't losing my job? Celia Foote: [shaking her head in surprise] No. Johnny Foote: You have a job here for the rest of your life. If you want it. Minny Jackson: [smiles in acceptance] That's a mile high meringue, Miss Celia?

§The Help ¤ Aibileen Clark: [to Hilly] All you do is scare and lie to try and get what you want.

§The Help ¤ Aibileen Clark: Miss Leefolt got so much hairspray on her head, she gonna blow us allup if she light a cigarette.

§The Help ¤ Hilly Holbrook: [about the pie] What do you put in here that makes it taste so good? Minny Jackson: That good vanilla from Mexico and something else real special.

§The Help ¤ Stuart Whitworth: I've never met a woman that says exactly what she's thinking. Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: Well, I got plenty to say.

§The Help ¤ Minny Jackson: Fried chicken just tend to make you feel better about life.

§The Help ¤ Stuart Whitworth: Isn't that what all you girls from Ole Miss major in - professional husband hunting?

§The Help ¤ Aibileen Clark: Mrs. Leefolt should not be having babies. Put that in the book.

§The Help ¤ Elizabeth Leefolt: [after Mae Mobley has used a toilet dropped on Hilly's lawn, Elizabeth pulls her off and spanks her; crying sounds are heard offscreen] You will get a disease from those toilets!

§The Help ¤ Aibileen Clark: I ain't never had no white person in my house before.

§The Help ¤ Mae Mobley: You're my real mama Aibee

§The Help ¤ Hilly Holbrook: Minny? Minny, are you in there? Minny Jackson: Yes, ma'am. Hilly Holbrook: And just what are you doing? [Minny flushes the toilet] Hilly Holbrook: [shouting] Get off my toilet! You are fired, Minny Jackson! [Minny leaves the house walking in the rain] Hilly Holbrook: Go on!

§The Help ¤ Rachel: Hello, Miss Charlotte. Charlotte Phelan: Rachel. We were expecting you next week. Rachel: I decided to come early and surprise mama. [she opens screen door. Charlotte shuts it back in place] Charlotte Phelan: I'm entertaining. Why don't you go around back. Wait in the kitchen. [pause] Charlotte Phelan: Go on now.

§The Help ¤ Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: Constantine didn't do anything wrong. You love Rachel. I know you do. Charlotte Phelan: [about Grace Higginbotham] She was our president. What was I supposed to do?

§The Help ¤ Charlotte Phelan: Rachel, what are you doing? Rachel: I'm just doing as I was told, Miss Charlotte. Going to the kitchen. But I'm going to see my mama first. Hello, Mama. Constantine Jefferson: Go on to the kitchen, baby. I'll be there directly. Gracie Higginbotham: You may put up with this kind of nonsense, but I do not. Charlotte Phelan: Get out of this house, Rachel. Gracie Higginbotham: You heard her. Go on, girl. Constantine Jefferson: Miss Charlotte, let me take her to the kitchen. Come on, baby. Let's go. Gracie Higginbotham: Charlotte. Charlotte Phelan: Both of you. Leave. Now. Rachel: Come on, Mama.

§The Help ¤ Eugenia 'Skeeter' Phelan: Oysters are a vehicle for crackers and ketchup.

§The Help ¤ Mr. Blackly: Shut that goddamn door!

§It Happened One Night ¤ Alexander Andrews: Oh, er, do you mind if I ask you a question, frankly? Do you love my daughter? Peter Warne: Any guy that'd fall in love with your daughter ought to have his head examined. Alexander Andrews: Now that's an evasion! Peter Warne: She picked herself a perfect running mate - King Westley - the pill of the century! What she needs is a guy that'd take a sock at her once a day, whether it's coming to her or not. If you had half the brains you're supposed to have, you'd done it yourself, long ago. Alexander Andrews: Do you love her? Peter Warne: A normal human being couldn't live under the same roof with her without going nutty! She's my idea of nothing! Alexander Andrews: I asked you a simple question! Do you love her? Peter Warne: YES! But don't hold that against me, I'm a little screwy myself!

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: By the way, what's your name? Peter Warne: What's that? Ellie Andrews: Who are you? Peter Warne: Who me? [smiling] Peter Warne: I'm the whippoorwill that cries in the night. I'm the soft morning breeze that caresses your lovely face. Ellie Andrews: You've got a name, haven't you? Peter Warne: Yeah, I got a name. Peter Warne. Ellie Andrews: Peter Warne. I don't like it. Peter Warne: Don't let it bother you. You're giving it back to me in the morning. Ellie Andrews: Pleased to meet you, Mr. Warne. Peter Warne: The pleasure is all mine, Mrs. Warne.

§It Happened One Night ¤ [Peter hangs a blanket between the twin beds in their room at the autocamp] Ellie Andrews: That, I suppose, makes everything quite all right? Peter Warne: Oh this? Well, I like privacy when I retire. Yes, I'm very delicate in that respect. Prying eyes annoy me. Behold the walls of Jericho! Uh, maybe not as thick as the ones that Joshua blew down with his trumpet, but a lot safer. You see, uh, I have no trumpet. Now just to show you my heart's in the right place, I'll give you my best pair of pajamas. [he offers her the pajamas - she ignores them - so he tosses them at her] Peter Warne: Uh, do you mind joining the Israelites? [indicates he wants her to go on the other side of the blanket - she doesn't budge] Peter Warne: You don't want to join the Israelites? Alright. [he begins to undress] Peter Warne: Perhaps you're interested in how a man undresses. You know, it's a funny thing about that. Quite a study in psychology. No two men do it alike. You know, I once knew a man who kept his hat on until he was completely undressed. Yeah, now he made a picture. Years later, his secret came out. He wore a toupee. Yeah. You know, I have a method all my own. If you notice, the coat came first, then the tie, then the shirt. Now, uh, according to Hoyle, after that, the, uh, pants should be next. There's where I'm different... I go for the shoes next. First the right, then the left. After that it's, uh, every man for himself. [he starts to unbuckle his pants and she runs to the other side of the blanket]

§It Happened One Night ¤ [after Ellen stops a car by showing her leg] Ellie Andrews: Aren't you going to give me a little credit? Peter Warne: What for? Ellie Andrews: I proved once and for all that the limb is mightier than the thumb. Peter Warne: Why didn't you take off all your clothes? You could have stopped forty cars. Ellie Andrews: Well, ooo, I'll remember that when we need forty cars.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: Have you ever been in love, Peter? Peter Warne: Me? Ellie Andrews: Yes. Haven't you ever thought about it at all? It seems to me you, you could make some girl wonderfully happy. Peter Warne: Sure I've thought about it. Who hasn't? If I could ever meet the right sort of girl. Aw, where you gonna find her? Somebody that's real. Somebody that's alive. They don't come that way anymore. Have I ever thought about it? I've even been sucker enough to make plans. You know, I saw an island in the Pacific once. I've never been able to forget it. That's where I'd like to take her. She'd have to be the sort of a girl who'd... well, who'd jump in the surf with me and love it as much as I did. You know, nights when you and the moon and the water all become one. You feel you're part of something big and marvelous. That's the only place to live... where the stars are so close over your head you feel you could reach up and stir them around. Certainly, I've been thinking about it. Boy, if I could ever find a girl who was hungry for those things... [she comes around the blanket "Walls of Jericho" and kneels by his bed] Ellie Andrews: Take me with you, Peter. Take me to your island. I want to do all those things you talked about. Peter Warne: You'd better go back to your bed. Ellie Andrews: I love you. Nothing else matters. We can run away. Everything will take care of itself. Please, Peter, I can't let you out of my life now. I couldn't live without you. [she cries in his arms] Peter Warne: [firmly] You'd better go back to your bed. Ellie Andrews: I'm sorry. [she returns to her bed still crying]

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: [Detectives are looking for Ellie] What do you mean, coming in here? What do you want, anyway? Detective: We're looking for somebody. Peter Warne: Yeah, well look your head off, but don't come busting in here. This isn't a public park. I could near as take a sock at you! Detective: Take it easy, son, take it easy. Mr. Dykes: These men are detectives, Mr. Warne. Peter Warne: I don't care if they're the whole police department. They can't come busting in here, shooting questions at my wife. Ellie Andrews: Now, don't get so excited, Peter. The man just asked a civil question. Peter Warne: Oh, is that so? Say, how many times have I told you to stop butting in when I'm having an argument? Ellie Andrews: Well, you don't have to lose your temper! Peter Warne: [mockingly] "You don't have to lose your temper." That's what you said the other time, too. Every time I try to protect you. The other night, at the Elks Dance, when that big Swede made a pass at you! Ellie Andrews: He didn't make a pass at me! I told you a million times! Peter Warne: Oh, no? I saw him. He kept pawing you all over the dance floor! Ellie Andrews: [the detectives stand there, flustered] He didn't! You were drunk! Peter Warne: Aw, nuts! You're just like your old man! Once a plumber's daughter, always a plumbers daughter! There isn't an ounce of brains in your whole family! Ellie Andrews: [sobbing] Oh, Peter Warne, you've gone far enough! I won't stand for it anymore! Peter Warne: Aw, shut up! Mr. Dykes: Now, you see what you've done? Detective: Sorry, Mr. Warne. But, you see we've got to check up on everybody. Detective: We're looking for a girl by the name of Ellen Andrews, you know, the daughter of that big Wall Street mug. Peter Warne: Yeah? Well, it's too bad you aren't looking for a plumber's daughter [to Ellie] Peter Warne: QUIT BAWLING! QUIT BAWLING! [Ellie sobs even louder] Mr. Dykes: I told you they were a perfectly nice married couple. [Mr. Dykes and the detectives leave, and Peter and Ellie start laughing]

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: I never did like the idea of sitting on newspapers. I did it once, and all the headlines came off on my white pants. On the level! It actually happened. Nobody bought a paper that day. They just followed me around over town and read the news on the seat of my pants.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: I want to see what love looks like when it's triumphant. I haven't had a good laugh in a week.

§It Happened One Night ¤ [Peter watches as Ellie dunks her donut] Peter Warne: Say, where'd you learn to dunk? In finishing school? Ellie Andrews: Aw, now don't you start telling me I shouldn't dunk. Peter Warne: Of course you shouldn't - you don't know how to do it. Dunking's an art. Don't let it soak so long. A dip and [he stuffs the donut in his mouth] Peter Warne: plop, in your mouth. You let it hang there too long, it'll get soft and fall off. It's all a matter of timing. Aw, I oughta write a book about it. Ellie Andrews: [laughs] Thanks, professor. Peter Warne: Just goes to show you - twenty millions, and you don't know how to dunk. Ellie Andrews: Oh, I'd change places with a plumber's daughter any day.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: Outside of the fact that you don't like him you haven't got a thing against King. Alexander Andrews: He's a fake, Ellie. Ellie Andrews: He's one of the best flyers in the country. Alexander Andrews: He's no good and you know it. You married him only because I told you not to. Ellie Andrews: You've been telling me what not to do ever since I can remember. Alexander Andrews: That's because you've always been a stubborn idiot, Ellie Andrews: I come from a long line of stubborn idiots!

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: What is it that we're supposed to be doing again? Peter Warne: Hitchhiking. Ellie Andrews: Well you've shown me an excellent example of the hiking part. When does the hitching come in?

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: And suppose nobody stops for us? Peter Warne: They'll stop all right. lt's a matter of knowing how to handle them. Ellie Andrews: And you're an expert l suppose. Peter Warne: Expert. And l'll write a book about it. Call it ''The Hitchhiker's Hail.'' Ellie Andrews: There's no end to your accomplishments, is there? Peter Warne: You think it's simple? Ellie Andrews: No. Peter Warne: Well, it is simple. lt's all in that old thumb, see? Some people do it like this. Or like this. All wrong. Never get anywhere. The poor things. But that old thumb never fails. lt's all a matter of how you do it, though. Now you take No. 1, for instance. That's a short jerky movement, like this. That shows independence. You don't care if they stop or not. You got money. Clever. No. 2, that's a little wider movement. Smile goes with this one, like this. That means you got a brand-new story about the farmer's daughter. Ellie Andrews: You figured that out all by yourself? Peter Warne: That's nothing. No. 3, that's a pip. That's the pitiful one. When you're broke and hungry, everything looks black. lt's a long sweeping movement like this. Gotta follow through, though. Ellie Andrews: That's amazing. Peter Warne: But it's no good, if you haven't got a long face to go with it.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: Aren't you gonna congratulate me? Peter Warne: What for? Ellie Andrews: Well, I proved once and for all that the limb is mightier than the thumb.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Alexander Andrews: What's the matter, child? Aren't you happy? [Ellie clutches her father, sobbing] Alexander Andrews: I thought so. I knew there was something on your mind. There, there, there now. What's the matter? You haven't fallen in love with someone else, have you? Have you? [Ellie continues crying] Alexander Andrews: I haven't seen you cry since you were a baby. This must be serious. Where'd you meet him? Ellie Andrews: On the road. Alexander Andrews: Now, don't tell me you've fallen in love with a bus driver.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Alexander Andrews: [Alexander has figured out Ellie is in love with another man] Who is he? Ellie Andrews: I don't know very much about him, except that I love him. Alexander Andrews: Well, if it's as serious as all that, we'll move Heaven and Earth to... Ellie Andrews: No, it's no use! He despises me. Alexander Andrews: Oh, come now. Ellie Andrews: Yes, he does! He despises everything about me. He says that I'm spoiled and selfish and pampered and thoroughly insincere. Alexander Andrews: Oh, ho, ridiculous! Ellie Andrews: He doesn't think so much of you, either. Alexander Andrews: Well, I... Ellie Andrews: And he blames you for everything that's wrong with me. He says you, you raised me stupidly. Alexander Andrews: [sarcastically] Well now, that's a fine man to fall in love with. Ellie Andrews: Oh, he's marvelous!

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: Your ego is absolutely colossal. Peter Warne: Yeah, yeah, not bad, how's yours? [Shuts and locks the door] Ellie Andrews: You know, compared to you, my friend Shapeley's an amateur. Just whatever gave you any idea I'd stand for this? Peter Warne: Say now, wait a minute. Let's get this straightened out right now. If you're nursing any silly notion that I'm interested in you, forget it. You're just a headline to me. Ellie Andrews: A headline? You're not a newspaper man are you? Peter Warne: Chalk up one for your side.

§It Happened One Night ¤ [Peter makes a couple of "beds" from hay off of a haystack] Peter Warne: All right, come on. Your bed's all ready. Ellie Andrews: I'll get my clothes all wrinkled. Peter Warne: Well, then take 'em off. Ellie Andrews: What? Peter Warne: All right, don't take 'em off. Do whatever you please, but shut up about it!

§It Happened One Night ¤ [as he walks Ellie down the aisle, Mr. Andrews talks to her] Alexander Andrews: You're a sucker to go through with this. That guy Warne is OK. He didn't want the reward. All he asked for was $39.60, what he spent on you. Said it was a matter of principle. You took him for a ride. He loves you, Ellie. He told me so. You don't want to be married to a mug like Westley; I can buy him off for a pot of gold. And you can make an old man happy and you won't do so bad for yourself. If you change your mind, your car's waiting at the back gate.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Joe Gordon: That's the way things go: you think you got a great yarn, and something comes along and messes up the finish - and there you are.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: Just keep your eye on that thumb. [sticks out his thumb to hitch a ride, the car wizzes past] Ellie Andrews: Still got my eye on the thumb. Peter Warne: Something must have happened. I'll try number 2. Ellie Andrews: Well, wake me up when you get to 100.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: Excuse me, lady, but that upon which you sit, is mine. Ellie Andrews: I beg your pardon! Peter Warne: Now, listen. I put up a stiff battle for that seat. So if it's just the same to you - scram. Ellie Andrews: [ignoring him] Driver! Are these seats reserved? Bus Driver #1: No. First come, first served. Ellie Andrews: Thank you. Peter Warne: Hey driver? These seats accommodate two people, don't they? Bus Driver #1: Well, maybe they do - and maybe they don't. Peter Warne: Thank you. Move over. This is a "maybe they do."

§It Happened One Night ¤ [Peter is carrying Ellie across the creek slung over his shoulder] Ellie Andrews: You know this is the first time in years I've ridden piggy-back. Peter Warne: This isn't piggy-back. Ellie Andrews: Course it is. Peter Warne: You're crazy. Ellie Andrews: I remember distinctly my father taking me for a piggy-back ride. Peter Warne: And he carried you like this, I suppose? Ellie Andrews: Yes. Peter Warne: Your father didn't know beans about piggy-back riding. Ellie Andrews: My uncle, mother's brother, has four children and I've seen them ride piggy-back. Peter Warne: I'll bet there isn't a good piggy-back rider in your whole family. I never knew a rich man yet who could piggy-back ride. Ellie Andrews: You're prejudiced. Peter Warne: You show me a good piggy-backer and I'll show you a real human. Now you take Abraham Lincoln for instance. A natural born piggy-backer. Where do you get all of that stuffed-shirt family of yours? Ellie Andrews: My father was a great piggy-backer. Peter Warne: Here, hold this. [Peter hands to Ellie the case he was carrying and slaps her behind for that remark]

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: You think I'm a fool and a spoiled brat. Well, perhaps I am, although I don't see how I can be. People who are spoiled are accustomed to having their own way. I never have. On the contrary. I've always been told what to do, and how to do it, and when, and with whom. Would you believe it? This is the first time I've ever been alone with a man! Peter Warne: Yeah? Ellie Andrews: It's a wonder I'm not panic-stricken. Peter Warne: You're doing alright. Ellie Andrews: Thanks. Nurses, governesses, chaperones, even bodyguards. Oh, it's been a lot of fun.

§It Happened One Night ¤ [last lines] Zeke's Wife: Funny couple, ain't they? Zeke: Yeah. Zeke's Wife: If you ask me, I don't believe they're married. Zeke: They're married all right. I just seen the license. Zeke's Wife: They made me get them a rope and a blanket on a night like this. What do you reckon that's for? Zeke: Blamed if I know. I just brung 'em a trumpet. Zeke's Wife: A trumpet? Zeke: Yeah, one of them toy things. They sent me to the store to get it. Zeke's Wife: But what in the world do they want a trumpet for? Zeke: Dunno. [the trumpet sounds, and the blanket falls to the floor]

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: I'll stop a car, and I won't use my thumb! Peter Warne: What're you gonna do? Ellie Andrews: It's a system all my own.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: You know, I had you pegged right from the jump. Just a spoiled brat of a rich father. The only way you get anything is to buy it, isn't it? You're in a jam and all you can think of is your money. It never fails, does it? Ever hear of the word humility? No, you wouldn't. I guess it would never occur to you to just say, 'Please mister, I'm in trouble, will you help me?' No, that would bring you down off your high horse for a minute. Well, let me tell you something, maybe it will take a load off your mind. You don't have to worry about me. I'm not interested in your money or your problem. You, King Westley, your father. You're all a lot of hooey to me!

§It Happened One Night ¤ Oscar Shapeley: What's a matter sister? You ain't sayin' much. Ellie Andrews: It seems to me you're doing excellently without any assistance.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Danker: Oh, I see, young people in love are never hungry.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: How did you get the car? Peter Warne: I gave him a black eye for it. And had to tie him to a tree.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: Aren't you going to give me a little credit? Peter Warne: What for? Ellie Andrews: I proved once and for all that the limb is mightier than the thumb. Peter Warne: Why didn't you take off all your clothes? You could have stopped 40 cars. Ellie Andrews: I'll remember that when we need 40 cars.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: [giving her a bag] Can you hold this for me? Ellie Andrews: Sure. [he smacks her on the butt]

§It Happened One Night ¤ Oscar Shapeley: Believe you me! Ellie Andrews: Believe you me, you bore me to distraction.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Oscar Shapeley: You know, there's nothing I like better than to meet a high-class mama that can snap 'em back at ya. 'Cause the colder they are, the hotter they get. That's what I always say. Yes, sir, when a cold mama gets hot, boy, how she sizzles. Ha, ha, ha, ha. [He nudges her with his elbow] Oscar Shapeley: Now, you're just my type. Believe me, sister, I could go for you in a big way. 'Fun-on-the-side' Shapeley they call me, with accent on the fun, believe you me.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Peter Warne: Excuse me lady, but that upon which you sit is mine. Ellie Andrews: I beg your pardon?

§It Happened One Night ¤ Alexander Andrews: Don't fall out of any windows!

§It Happened One Night ¤ King Westley: [after Ellie runs away from their wedding] What happened? Alexander Andrews: I haven't the slightest idea.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Oscar Shapeley: Well shut my big nasty mouth!

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: We'll get on a merry-go-round and never get off. Promise me we'll never get off.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Ellie Andrews: [drinking a toast] Well, here's to the merry-go-round.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Joe Gordon: Agnes, get me a doctor. I'm going to have a nervous breakdown.

§It Happened One Night ¤ Oscar Shapeley: One on the side Shapely, that's what they call me.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Durga: Come close. Apu: What? Durga: We'll go see the train when I'm better, all right? We'll get there early and have a good look. You want to?

§Pather Panchali ¤ Harihar Ray: Don't be anxious. Whatever God ordains is for the best.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Indir Thakrun: [singing] Those who came before have passed on. And I'm left behind. A penniless beggar. Not a cowrie to my name. Look, my purse is empty... Lord, the day is done and evening falls. Ferry me across to the other shore...

§Pather Panchali ¤ Apu: Didi, have you ever seen a train? Durga: Sure. Sarbojaya Ray: Don't lie. Apu: You know where the tracks are? Where? Durga: Past the big meadow and beyond the rice fields. Apu: Shall we go one day?

§Pather Panchali ¤ Sarbojaya Ray: You'll educate the boy, give him his sacred thread, teach him to worship the gods. Durga will find a good husband. Two meals a day, new clothes twice a year - what more could we want? Harihar Ray: We'll have all that and more. My ancestors were writers, after all. They left a legacy that can't be ignored. Just wait two years. My debts will be paid off and the house repaired, and you won't have to fix spinach and rice every day! How about that?

§Pather Panchali ¤ Sarbojaya Ray: This is my home now too. But just look at it. It's like living in the jungle. Jackals prowling around as soon as night falls. No neighbors to sit and talk to. When you're not here, I'm terribly uneasy. But you wouldn't understand. You eat and sleep and go about your work, unconcerned whether you're paid or not. I had lots of dreams too. All the things I wanted to do...

§Pather Panchali ¤ Durga: By leaf of lime and karamcha tree, rain, rain, away with thee! Rain, rain, away with thee!

§Pather Panchali ¤ Indir Thakrun: Can't an old woman have wishes too?

§Pather Panchali ¤ Harihar Ray: I was collecting rents today when I met a distinguished looking fellow. He suddenly bowed deeply and said, "Sir, you don't know me, but I knew your father well. He often officiated as a priest at my house." "What's your name?" "Mahesh Biswas." "What do you want?" "I have something to ask you." "What?" "My whole family would like to be initiated next month. It would be wonderful if you could officiate." Quite wealthy people. Sarbojaya Ray: Did you say you'd do it? Harihar Ray: Are you crazy? Accept right off? They'd think I was hard up. Sarbojaya Ray: Let them. We are hard up. Harihar Ray: There could be a scandal if people found out his caste. Sarbojaya Ray: Who would tell them? Harihar Ray: You never know. Maybe you. I know how you women are. Sarbojaya Ray: I'm busy enough without running around telling your business. Harihar Ray: Don't be angry. The job's not going anywhere. I told him we'd discuss it after the festival. I mustn't seem overeager. Try to manage till then on what I gave you. That should cover clothes for the kids and a shawl for Auntie.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Harihar Ray: Listen to what I'm writing now: new and original plays and poems. When word gets around, the traveling troupes will come in droves. Where else can they get new material? Original plays don't grow on trees.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Wandering Holy Man: [singing] Be charitable from the goodness of your heart. If I can reach the Mother's blessed feet, I shall place them on the lotus seat of my heart. What do I care for worldly wealth?

§Pather Panchali ¤ Chinibas, Sweet-seller: Do you want anything? Delicious fried cream, sweet lentil balls, coconut candies, chandrapuli, sweet cheese balls.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Harihar Ray: No matter what people say, Mr. Ray is a good man. Here you are. Three months' wages - 24 rupees. Count it. I'll quickly say my evening prayers.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Indir Thakrun: What's going on? What's going on here? Huh? What's the matter? What's going on? Sarbajaya, what is it?

§Pather Panchali ¤ Sarbojaya Ray: Listen - you lived in Benares a long time. Do people know you there? Harihar Ray: Some certainly do. Sarbojaya Ray: Isn't there a ghat by the river where priests sing and recite from the scriptures? Harihar Ray: It's called Dashashamedh Ghat. Sarbojaya Ray: They earn a lot there, right? Harihar Ray: I suppose. Sarbojaya Ray: Then let's go. Harihar Ray: We can't do that. Sarbojaya Ray: Why not? Harihar Ray: How can we? I left there to return here to my ancestral home. I can't go the other direction now.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Indir Thakrun: Just then a demoness appeared. "Krik, krak, krud, I smell human blood. Who lies awake in my temple?" The blue prince slept while the red prince kept watch. In the second watch of the night, the demoness appeared again. "Krik, krak, krud, I smell human blood. Who lies awake in my temple?"

§Pather Panchali ¤ Sarbojaya Ray: Durga. Durga, go see where the calf went.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Durga: Holy pond and flower garland, who worships here in the noonday sun? It is I, Leelavati, sister of my brothers. May my sons be numberless, and may I die by the holy Ganges. Mother Goddess, counsel me. I know not how to pray. Grant me this blessing.

§Pather Panchali ¤ Harihar Ray: How are you? I take it the children are out running around?

§The 400 Blows ¤ Psychiatrist: Your parents say you're always lying. Antoine Doinel: Oh, I lie now and then, I suppose. Sometimes I'd tell them the truth and they still wouldn't believe me, so I prefer to lie.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Antoine Doinel: Dad, I need some money. Julien Doinel: What? Antoine Doinel: I just need 1,000 francs. Julien Doinel: Which means you're hoping for 500, meaning you really need 300, so here's a hundred. All right, 500. But your mother should pay for that.

§The 400 Blows ¤ English Teacher: Last and simple question. Where is the father? Rene: Ze fazer... English Teacher: No. The father. Rene: Ze fazer. English Teacher: No, the tip of the tongue between the teeth. As if you had a lisp. Father. Rene: Fazer. English Teacher: No. Rene: But I can't, sir. Not everybody has a tongue like yours.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Examining Magistrate: I think we'd best put the boy in an observation center. Gilberte Doinel: Oh, could it be near the seashore, Your Honor? Examining Magistrate: It's not a vacation resort, ma'am.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Juvenile Delinquent: I'm an unstable psychotic individual with perverted tendencies.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Juvenile Delinquent: Every time I cried, my father would imitate me on his fiddle, just to drive me nuts. One day I got fed up and I knocked him out.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Antoine Doinel: Sir, it's my mother. Petite Feuille: What about her? Antoine Doinel: She's just died.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: My boss drove me home. Julien Doinel: Your boss. Gilberte Doinel: I couldn't very well refuse, could I? Julien Doinel: I hope you get overtime for that. Gilberte Doinel: I will, at the end of the month. Julien Doinel: Those services are usually paid in cash. Gilberte Doinel: Oh, knock it off! Julien Doinel: No wonder madame needs to rest on Sunday. By the way, where's my Michelin guide? Gilberte Doinel: How should I know? Ask the boy. Julien Doinel: He said he didn't touch it. Gilberte Doinel: He lies through his teeth. Julien Doinel: Like someone else I know. Gilberte Doinel: If you raised him better... Julien Doinel: I gave him my name, damn it! I put food on the table! Gilberte Doinel: I've had enough of your criticism! Fine! We'll send him to the Jesuits or the army orphans. At least I'd have some peace and quiet!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: I'm not in the mood. Julien Doinel: Too bad, I am.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: He's a liar! Julien Doinel: Like you! Gilberte Doinel: If you raised him right... Julien Doinel: Shit! I gave him a name! I feed him! Gilberte Doinel: I'm sick of your complaints! Fed up! If you can't stand him, say so. We'll put him in an orphanage so I can have some peace!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Petite Feuille: Doinel, if your paper is first today, it's because I've decided to give the results beginning with the worst.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Antoine Doinel: [heard thinking aloud, as he is writing on a wall] "Here lies poor Antoine Doinel, unjustly punished by Sourpuss for a pinup fallen from the sky. It will be an eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth!"

§The 400 Blows ¤ Juvenile Delinquent: If she drops her pen, pick it up, but don't look at her legs. Or else it will be on your record.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Antoine Doinel: [to Rene] After this I can't live with my parents anymore. I've got to disappear.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Rene: Bonjour, Madam! Man in Street: Little devil!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: Women are always taken advantage of at the office, and they don't know what to do about it.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Petite Feuille: Recess is a reward, not a right.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: I have no socks left around these holes.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: The best thing is to eat out until the end of the month. Julien Doinel: For that, I need a clean shirt.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Juvenile Delinquent: [to Antoine about another boy in the reformatory] He escaped a week ago, but they got him. Around here to escape is bad enough, but getting caught is worse.

§The 400 Blows ¤ [first lines] Petite Feuille: Doinel, bring me that. Indeed! Go to the corner!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: Antoine! He saw me! The Lover: Which one's he? Gilberte Doinel: With dark hair. But he should be in school! Rene: You'll get it! Antoine Doinel: She won't dare tell Dad.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: You don't seem surprised. Gilberte Doinel: Should I be? Nothing that boy does surprises me.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Rene: You can sleep here. No one will know. Antoine Doinel: What about your parents? Rene: They never come in here. My mother drinks and my father spends all day at the races.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Mr. Bigey: Have you seen your mother lately? Rene: Yes, when I came home from school. Mr. Bigey: She makes sure she's never home when I am. She must be up to something.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Petite Feuille: Now, Doinel, go get something to win that rubbish off the wall, or I'll make you lick it off, my friend!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Prostitute #1: I saw a police station in a movie. It was cleaner. Prostitute #2: I once saw a dirtier one. Prostitute #3: And I, a more cheerful one.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Petite Feuille: Your quest of the absolute led you straight to a zero. For you who don't know Balzac, it concerns "A Shady Business".

§The 400 Blows ¤ Rene: First off, we've got to think of a way to make some money. Antoine Doinel: Right, that's the first thing to do. Rene: Right. Meanwhile, I'll take an advance on my inheritance.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Petite Feuille: We have a young Juvenal in our class, though he doesn't know an Alexandrine from blank verse. Doinel, for tomorrow you will conjugate.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Petite Feuille: [to his classroom of students] Poor France will be in a sorry shape in ten years!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Petite Feuille: What class this year! I've known idiots before, but at least they were polite! They kept their heads down.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Antoine Doinel: Sourpuss is a real asshole. Rene: That's his job. Antoine Doinel: Still, I'm gonna smash his face in before I go to the army!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: Look at your little flour boy here. Gilberte Doinel: That's not funny! Julien Doinel: I thought it was.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: Your cousin called. His wife's expecting again. Gilberte Doinel: Four kids in three years? Like rabbits. It's disgusting.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: You mustn't make your mother mad. You have to handle her gently.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: Summer camp ain't for poodles.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: She's right. There's a time and place for everything.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Man in Street: Beat it, kid!

§The 400 Blows ¤ English Teacher: Maybe it's something in his glands?

§The 400 Blows ¤ English Teacher: The beach. The beeeach. The beach!

§The 400 Blows ¤ Man in Street: May I help? Woman with Dog: Certainly. The more, the better.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: I'll make contacts at the races. You'll see. I'll be VP one day. Gilberte Doinel: You'll never be VP. They like you puttering along where you are.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: You and I can share some little secrets.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: Once when I was your age, we were on vacation, and I ran away with a young farm boy. Puppy love. They caught us right away. Mother made me promise never to see him again. She never told my father. I cried and cried, but I obeyed her, because you should always obey your mother.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Antoine Doinel: I want to quit school and earn a living. Gilberte Doinel: That's nonsense! Don't you understand? If you knew how sorry I am I stopped after high school! And your father never even finished! It's hurting his career now.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: I know they teach you a lot of useless stuff in school. Algebra. Science. Nobody uses that stuff in real life. But what about French? French. One always has letters to write.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Gilberte Doinel: I was your age once too, you know. You kids always forget that. I was stubborn too and didn't want to confide in my parents. I preferred writing in my diary. No one's ever read it. I'll show it to you one day.

§The 400 Blows ¤ Overheard Man: [while Antione reads Balzac's "The Quest of the Absolute"] "The dying man pulled himself up and gave his children a piercing look. The hair bristled on the nape of his neck. His eyes lit up. A breath caressed his face and made it sublime. He raised his hand in anger and shouted Archimedes' famous last words: 'Eureka! I have found it.'"

§The 400 Blows ¤ Julien Doinel: The boss is sleeping with the new secretary. She's well-armed, that girl, and she used it to get promoted to executive secretary. She has all the necessary talents for the position. [makes a gesture that she has a well developed bust] Julien Doinel: Now I'll have to watch out for her. Pillow talk and all that.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Wind In His Hair: [in Lakota; subtitled] Dances with Wolves! I am Wind In His Hair. Do you see that I am your friend? Can you see that you will always be my friend?

§Dances with Wolves ¤ [talking about the white men coming] Kicking Bird: How many? John Dunbar: Like the stars.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Ten Bears: [in Lakota to Dunbar; subtitled] Dances with Wolves has been quiet these past few days. Is his heart bad? John Dunbar: [in Lakota to the village council; subtitled] Killing those soldiers at the river was a good thing. I never got to thank all of you for saving me. I did not mind killing those men. I was glad to do it. But now I know that the soldiers hate me like they hate no other. Because I killed soldiers, men of my own race, they think I am a traitor. [the council murmurs and nods in agreement] John Dunbar: [in Lakota; subtitled] And now they will hunt for me. And when they find me they will find you. I think it would be wise to move the village to another location right now. As for me... I will be leaving. I will be leaving with my wife Stands With a Fist as soon as possible. I must go and try to talk to those that will listen. [shouts and protests immediately begin around the council. Wind In His Hair stands up and screams his objection. Even Kicking Bird is protesting. However, Ten Bears rises both of his hands as a sign to stop] Ten Bears: [in Lakota; subtitled] Quiet! You are all hurting my ears! Leave us! [all the Sioux file out of the tent, and within seconds Ten Bears and Dunbar are alone] Ten Bears: [in Lakota to Dunbar; subtitled] You are the only white man I have ever known. I have thought about you a lot. More than you think. And I understand your concern. But I think you are wrong. The white man the soldiers are looking for no longer exists. Now there is only a Sioux named Dances with Wolves.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [to his army captors who are interrogating him, in Lakota] My name is Dances with Wolves. I have nothing to say to you. You are not worth talking to.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Stands With a Fist: [translating for Kicking Bird] He thanks Dances with Wolves for coming. John Dunbar: Who is Dances with Wolves? Stands With a Fist: It is the name all the people are calling you now.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: How did you get your name? Stands With a Fist: When I came to live on the prarie, I worked every day... very hard... there was a woman who didn't like me. She called me bad names... sometimes she beat me. One day she was calling me these bad names, her face in my face, and I hit her. I was not very big, but she fell down. She fell hard and didn't move. I stood over her with my fist and asked if any other woman wanted to call me bad names... No one bothered me after that day. John Dunbar: [smiles] I wouldn't think so. Show me... where you hit her. [Stands With a Fist balls her fist and touches John at the base of the chin. John feigns being knocked unconscious as Stands With a Fist laughs]

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Ten Bears: [in Lakota; subtitled] Let us smoke a while. John Dunbar: [voiceover] With Ten Bears, it was always more than a while. There was purpose in everything he did, and I knew he wanted me to stay. But I was sure of myself. I would be an excuse, and that's all the Army would need to find this place. I pushed him as far as I could to move the camp. But in the end, he only smiled and talked of simple pleasures. He reminded me that at his age, a good fire was better than anything. Ten Bears was an extraordinary man.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [in Lakota; subtitled] We are trying for a baby. Kicking Bird: [in Lakota] No waiting? John Dunbar: [in Lakota] No waiting. Kicking Bird: [in Lakota] I was just thinking that of all the trails in this life, there are some that matter most. It is the trail of a true human being. I think you are on this trail, and it is good to see.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: Many times I'd felt alone, but until this afternoon I'd never felt completely lonely.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [writing in his diary] If it wasn't for my companion, I believe I'd be having the time of my life.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Major Fambrough: Sir knight? I've just pissed in my pants... and nobody can do anything about it.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ [Dunbar has found an old skeleton on the prairie] Timmons: Somebody back east is sayin' "Why don't he write?"

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Stands With a Fist: My place is with you. I go where you go.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: I'm John Dunbar. Stands With a Fist: John - John Dunber. John Dunbar: Dunbar. Stands With a Fist: Dunbar - John Dunbar. John Dunbar. Kicking Bird: Dumb bear. John Dunbar: No, not Dumb Bear.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [voice-over] They were a people so eager to laugh, so devoted to family, so dedicated to each other. The only word that comes to mind is harmony.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [voice-over] Nothing I have been told about these people is correct. They are not thieves or beggars. They are not the bogeymen they are made out to be. On the contrary, they are polite guests and I enjoy their humor.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Stands With a Fist: He also asks if you would watch over his family while he is gone. [pauses] Stands With a Fist: This thing he asks of you is a great honor. John Dunbar: Tell him I would be happy to watch over his family.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: Who would do such a thing? The field was proof enough that it was a people without value and without soul, with no regard for Sioux rights. The wagon tracks leading away left little doubt and my heart sank as I knew it could only be white hunters. Voices that had been joyous all morning were now as silent as the dead buffalo left to rot in this valley, killed only for their tongues and the price of their hides.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Major Fambrough: [barely audible] Lieutenant John J. Dunbar? [louder] Major Fambrough: Lieutenant John J. Dunbar? John Dunbar: Yes, sir. Major Fambrough: Yes, sir. Indian fighter, huh? John Dunbar: Excuse me? Major Fambrough: [reading orders] Well it says here that you're to be posted on the frontier. The frontier's Indian country. I quickly deduced that you're an Indian fighter. I did not ascend to this position by being stupid. John Dunbar: No, sir. Major Fambrough: No, sir. It says here that you've been decorated. John Dunbar: Yes, sir. Major Fambrough: [nods] And they sent you here to be posted? John Dunbar: Actually sir, I'm here at my own request. Major Fambrough: Really? Why? John Dunbar: I've always wanted to see the frontier. Major Fambrough: You want to see the frontier? John Dunbar: Yes, sir. Before it's gone. Major Fambrough: [smiles] Such a smart lad, coming straight to me. [pulls a sheet of paper from his desk drawer and begins to write] Major Fambrough: Sir Knight... I'm sending you on a knight's errand. You will report to Captain Cargill at the furthermost outpost of the realm... Fort Sedgewick. My personal seal will assure your safety through many miles of wild and hostile country. [wads up the paper tightly and hands it to Dunbar] John Dunbar: I was wondering... Major Fambrough: Yes? John Dunbar: I was wondering, sir... how will I be getting there? Major Fambrough: [paranoid] You think I don't know? John Dunbar: No, sir. Major Fambrough: You think I don't know. John Dunbar: No sir, it's just that I don't... Major Fambrough: Hold your tongue! I just happen to be in a generous mood and I will grant you a boon. See that peasant out there? [glances to window to Timmons standing outside] Major Fambrough: He calls himself Timmons. He's going to your Fort Sedgewick this very afternoon... you can ride with him if you like. He knows the way. Thank you. That is all. Major Fambrough: [Dunbar salutes Fambrough... he returns it halfheartedly. Dunbar turns to leave] Sir Knight? [Dunbar turns back around to face him, Fambrough stands up] Major Fambrough: I've just pissed in my pants, and nobody can do anything about it. [Dunbar turns back around silently and leaves]

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Lt. Elgin: Spivy! You bash that prisoner one more time, I'll put those shackles on YOU!

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [voice-over] I had never really known who John Dunbar was. Perhaps because the name itself had no meaning. But as I heard my Sioux name being called over and over, I knew for the first time who I really was.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [at the celebration of the buffalo feast, noticing a big Sioux man has his Lieutenant's hat] That's my hat... that's my hat! Big Warrior: [in Lakota, as all becomes quiet in the tent] I found it on the prarie. It's mine. Wind In His Hair: [stands up, in Lakota] The hat belongs to Lieutenant. Big Warrior: He left it on the prarie. He didn't want it. Wind In His Hair: Well, you can see he wants it now. We all know it's a soldier hat. We all know who wears it. If you want to keep it, that's fine. But give something for it. [the Sioux takes his knife and sheath off his belt and gives it to Dunbar] Wind In His Hair: [in English, to Dunbar] Good... trade!

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [voice over] It seems every day ends with a miracle here. And whatever God may be, I thank God for this day.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: The strangeness of this life cannot be measured: in trying to produce my own death, I was elevated to the status of a living hero.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: I am Lieutenant John J. Dunbar and this is my post.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ [last lines] Title Card: Thirteen years later - their homes destroyed, their buffalo gone - the last band of free Sioux submitted to white authority at Fort Robinson, Nebraska. The great horse culture of the plains was gone, and the American frontier was soon to pass into history.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ [Ten Bears shows Dunbar an old Spanish Conquistador's helmet] Ten Bears: [in Lakota; subtitled] The white men who wore this came around the time of my grandfather's grandfather. Eventually we drove them out. Then the Mexicans came. But they do not come here any more. In my own time, the Texans. They have been like all the others. They take without asking. But I think you are right. I think they will keep coming. When I think of that, I look at this helmet. I don't know if we are ready for these people. Our country is all that we have, and we will fight to keep it.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Kicking Bird: [after receiving the pipe from Dances with Wolves] How does it smoke? John Dunbar: I've never smoked it.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Timmons: [after he has bent over and farted] Why don't you put that in your book?

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Wind In His Hair: [watching Dunbar dance around like a buffalo] His mind is gone!

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Major Fambrough: The king is dead... [raises a pistol to his head] Major Fambrough: Long live the king... [pulls the trigger]

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Kicking Bird: [in Lakota; addressing the village council] He may be a special man or even a god. I ask that Chief Ten Bears give us permission to talk with him. [murmurs around the council as Wind in his Hair rises to speak] Wind In His Hair: [in Lakota; subtitled] I do not care for this talk about a white man at the soldier fort. Whoever he is he is not a Sioux and that makes him less. We took more then a hundred horses from these people and there was no honor in it. They don't ride well. They don't shoot well. They're dirty. Those so-called "soldiers" could not make it through one winter in our country. And all these people are said to flourish? I think they will all be dead soon... maybe in ten years. [murmurs circulate around the council] Wind In His Hair: [in Lakota] I think this fool is probably lost. [the councel laughs as Wind In His Hair sits back down and Kicking Bird raises his right hand as a call for silence] Kicking Bird: [in Lakota; subtitled] Wind In His Hair has spoken and his words are strong. It is true that the whites are a poor race and it is hard to understand them. But make no mistake, the whites are coming. Even our enemies agree on this. But when I see one white man alone and without fear in our country, I do not think he is lost. I think he may have medicine. I think this is a man who will speak for all white people. I think this is a man from which treaties may be struck. [the council murmurs and nods in agreement until Wind In His Hair rises to speak again] Wind In His Hair: [in Lakota; subtitled] Kicking Bird is always looking ahead and while that is good, he doesn't know this lone white man. This white man cannot hunt, cover our lodges, or feed our children. He is nothing to us! I will take some warriors with me and we will shoot some arrows into the white man. If he truly has medicine, he will not be hurt. If he has no medicine, he will be dead. [more murmurs are heard as Wind In His Hair sits back down and Stone Calf rises to speak] Stone Calf: [in Lakota; subtitled] No man on the council can tell another man what to do. But killing a white man is a delicate business. If you kill one, more are sure to come. Ten Bears: [in Lakota; subtitled] It's easy to become confused by these questions. Before we take action we need to talk about this some more at another time. That is all I have to say. This council is dismissed.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: Guns would make one warrior like two.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: How come we haven't seen any buffalo? Timmons: Can't figure the stinking buffalo. Sometimes you don't see them for days, and sometimes they're out there as thick as curls on a whore. John Dunbar: What about Indians? Timmons: Indians? Goddamn Indians you'd just as soon not see, unless the bastards are dead. They're nothing but thieves and beggars.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [after Dunbar's suicide attempt at the enemy lines] Don't take off my foot. General Tide: You rest easy, son. You'll keep your foot. As God is my judge, you'll keep it. General Tide: [removes his hat in respect and turns to his aide] Bring up my ambulance. General's Aide: Sir? General Tide: Bring up my ambulance! And my surgeon with it! General Tide: [turns back to Dunbar] We got an officer who's worth something lying here.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Toughest Pawnee: [speaking Pawnee; subtitled] Only a white man would make a fire for everyone to see. Pawnee #1: [in Pawnee] Maybe there's more than one. Pawnee #2: [in Pawnee] There may be three or four. Toughest Pawnee: [in Pawnee] I know three or four who will not be making the trip home.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ [John Dunbar and Wind In His Hair are preparing for Dunbar's wedding to Stands With A Fist] Wind In His Hair: You know, the man she mourned for... He was my best friend. John Dunbar: I didn't know that. Wind In His Hair: He was a good man... It has been hard for me to like you. I am not the thinker Kicking Bird is. I always feel anger first. There were no answers to my questions. But now I think he went away because you were coming. That is how I see it.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Sgt. Bauer: [to Dunbar] Turned injun, didn't yeh?

§Dances with Wolves ¤ John Dunbar: [voice-over] It was hard to know how to feel. I had never been in a battle like this one. This had not been a fight for territory or riches or to make men free. This battle had no ego. It had been fought to preserve the food stores that would see us through winter, to protect the lives of women and children and loved ones only a few feet away. I felt a pride I had never felt before.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Sergeant Pepper: [at the inactive battlefield] Some of the boys are saying that if we ain't gonna fight we could just settle the whole business with a little high stakes poker. Wouldn't that be a sight... a bunch of fellas sitting in the middle of this field drawing cards...

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Smiles A Lot: [after Otter has fallen off his horse during the attempt to steal Cisco] [all in Lakota, subtitled] Smiles A Lot: What happened? Otter: I don't know. My arm won't work. Worm: [riding up] What happened? Smiles A Lot: Otter hurt himself. Otter: [to Worm, who looks scared] Why do you look like that? I'm the one who's hurt! Worm: I will be when my father finds out. His bow will be across MY back! Smiles A Lot: You shouldn't have fallen off. Now we'll be in trouble. Otter: I didn't mean to fall off. This was YOUR idea! Smiles A Lot: My idea was only to take the horse, not fall down.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Timmons: [John Dunbar tries to wake him by hitting him with a stick] Something poked me in the butt, was that you?

§Dances with Wolves ¤ Toughest Pawnee: [speaking Pawnee; subtitled] We have nothing to show for this trail. Pawnee #1: We have no rifles. White men are sure to have rifles! Pawnee #3: It's hard to say how many might be down there. Pawnee #1: [in Pawnee] We should forget this and go home. Toughest Pawnee: Then go. I would rather die than argue to any white man about a single line of smoke in my own country! Pawnee #1: [watching the Toughest Pawnee ride off into the direction of the smoke] He will not quit until we are all dead.

§Dances with Wolves ¤ [Repeated line] Timmons: [after they have reached an abandoned fort] There ain't nothing here, lieutenant.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: Oi! Ten thousand years will give you such a crick in the neck.

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: Genie, I wish for your freedom. Genie: One bona fide prince pedigree coming up. I... What? Aladdin: [holds the lamp up to Genie] Genie, you're free!

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [as a group of cheerleaders] Rick 'em, rack 'em, rock 'em, rake! Stick that sword into that snake! Jafar: [as a snake] You stay out of thisss! Genie: [weakly] Jafar, Jafar, he's our man. If he can't do it, *great*!

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: I'm free. I'm free. Quick. Quick. Wish for something outrageous. Say, "I, I want the Nile." Wish for the Nile. Try that! Aladdin: Uh... I wish for the Nile. Genie: No way! [laughs] Genie: Oh, does that feel good!

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: [saving Jasmine from an irate merchant] Thank you, kind sir. I'm so glad you found her. Aladdin: [to Jasmine] I've been looking all over for you! Princess Jasmine: [whispering] What are you doing? Aladdin: [whispering] Just play along. Farouk: You, uh, know this girl? Aladdin: Sadly, yes. She is my sister. She's a little crazy. Farouk: She said she knew the sultan! Aladdin: [gesturing to Abu] She thinks the monkey is the sultan. Princess Jasmine: [bowing to Abu] O wise Sultan, how may I serve you? [Abu mutters gibberish] Aladdin: Tragic, isn't it? But, no harm done. Now, come along, sis. Time to go see the doctor. Princess Jasmine: [to a camel] Oh, hello, Doctor. How are you? Aladdin: [through his teeth] No, no, no, not that one... Come on, Sultan.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: So, what'll it be, Master? Aladdin: You're gonna grant me any three wishes I want, right? Genie: [as William F. Buckley] Uh, almost. There are a few, uh, provisos, a, a couple of quid pro quos. Aladdin: Like? Genie: [normal] Uh, rule #1: I can't kill anybody. [cuts his head off] Genie: So don't ask. Genie: [fixes his head] Uh, rule #2: I can't make anybody fall in love with anybody else. [turns into a pair of lips and kisses Aladdin] Genie: You little punim there. Genie: [turns into a cross between slimy Genie and Peter Lorre] Rule #3: I can't bring people back from the dead. It's not a pretty picture. I don't like doing it! [he returns to normal] Genie: Other than that, you got it.

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: Genie, I need help! Genie: [as Jack Nicholson] All right, Sparky, here's the deal. If you wanna court the little lady, you gotta be a straight shooter. Do ya got it? Aladdin: What? Genie: [pointing to each word on a blackboard] Tell-her-the-*truth*!

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: You're a prisoner? Genie: It's all part and parcel, the whole genie gig. [grows to a gigantic size] Genie: Phenomenal cosmic powers! [shrinks down inside the lamp] Genie: Itty bitty living space!

§Aladdin ¤ [last lines after credits, special edition only] Genie: You have been a fabulous audience! Tell you what, you're the best audience in the whole world. Take care of yourselves! Good night, Alice! Good night, Agrabah! Adios, amigos!

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: But, oh, to be free! Not to have to go "Poof! What do you need?", "Poof! What do you need?", "Poof! What do you need?" To be my own master. Such a thing would be greater than all the magic and all the treasures in all the world! But what am I talking about? Let's get real here, it's not gonna happen. Genie, wake up and smell the hummus.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [as a female flight attendant] Thank you for choosing Magic Carpet for all your travel needs. Don't stand until the rug has come to a complete stop. Thank you. Goodbye now. Goodbye. Goodbye. Thank you. Goodbye. Genie: [back to normal] Well, how about that, Mr. Doubting Mustafa? Aladdin: Oh, you sure showed me. Now, about my three wishes. Genie: Dost mine ears deceive me? Three? You are down by one, boy! Aladdin: Ah, no, I never actually wished to get out of the cave, huh. You did that on your own. [Genie's mouth drops] Genie: Oh, I feel sheepish. [he turns into a sheep] Genie: All right, you ba-a-a-ad boy. But no more freebies.

§Aladdin ¤ Iago: Oh, boy. He's cracked. He's gone nuts. Jafar! Jafar, get a grip! [Jafar grabs Iago by the throat] Iago: Ack! Good grip.

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: Provisos? You mean limitations? On wishes? Huh. [to Abu] Aladdin: Some all powerful Genie. Can't even bring people back from the dead. I don't know, Abu. He probably can't even get us out of this cave. Looks like we're gonna have to find a way outta here. Genie: [stomps his foot to stop Aladdin, Abu, and Carpet from leaving] Excuse me? Genie: [scoffs] Genie: Are you looking at me? Did you rub my lamp? Did you wake me up? Did you bring me here? And all of a sudden you're walking out on me? I don't think so. Not right now! YOU'RE GETTIN' YOUR WISHES, SO *SIDDOWN!*

§Aladdin ¤ [Abu is swinging a stolen sword at the guards] Guard: [frightened] He's got a sword! Razoul: [to his subordinates] You idiots. [louder] Razoul: We've all got swords!

§Aladdin ¤ Merchant: Look at this! Yes! Heh, heh. Combination hookah and coffee maker, also makes julienne fries. Will not break! [taps it on table] Merchant: Will not... [it falls apart] Merchant: It broke!

§Aladdin ¤ Merchant: [holding up an oil lamp] Do not be fooled by its commonplace appearance. Like so many things, it is not what is outside, but what is inside that counts. This is no ordinary lamp! It once changed the course of a young man's life; a young man who, like this lamp, was more than what he seemed: a diamond in the rough. Perhaps you would like to hear the tale? It begins on a dark night, where a dark man waits... with a dark purpose.

§Aladdin ¤ [when Gazeem tries to steal the lamp from the Cave of Wonders, the latter swallows him whole] Iago: I can't believe it! I just don't believe it! We're never gonna get ahold of that stupid lamp! Just forget it! Look at this. Look at this. I'm so ticked off that I'm molting. Jafar: Patience, Iago, patience. Gazeem was obviously less than worthy. Iago: Oh, there's a big surprise! That's an incredib... I think I'm gonna have a heart attack and die from that surprise! What are we gonna do? We got a big problem here, a big... Mmph! [Jafar grabs Iago's beak to shut him up] Jafar: Yes. Only one may enter. I must find this one, this... diamond in the rough.

§Aladdin ¤ [Genie and Carpet are playing chess] Genie: So, move. [Carpet makes a move] Genie: Hey! That's a good move. [as Rodney Dangerfield] Genie: I can't believe it. I'm losing to a rug.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: Say, you're a lot smaller than my last master. Either that, or I'm getting bigger. Look at me from the side. Do I look different to you?

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: Al, I can't help you. I work for Senor Psychopath now.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: Yo, Rugman! Haven't seen you in a few millennia. Give me some tassel.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [leaving to travel the world] I'm history! No, I'm mythology! Nah, I don't care what I am. I'm free-hee!

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: Wow. The palace looks pretty amazing, huh? Princess Jasmine: [glumly] Oh... It's wonderful. Aladdin: I wonder what it'd be like to live there, and have servants, and valets. Princess Jasmine: Oh, sure. People who tell you where to go and how to dress. Aladdin: That's better than here. You're always scraping for food and ducking the guards. Princess Jasmine: You're not free to make your own choices. Aladdin: Sometimes you feel so... Princess Jasmine: You're just... Aladdin, Princess Jasmine: ...trapped.

§Aladdin ¤ Sultan: Prince Ali Ababwa! Of course! I'm delighted to meet you. [he shakes Aladdin's hand] Sultan: This is my royal vizier, Jafar. He's delighted, too. Jafar: [very dryly] Ecstatic.

§Aladdin ¤ [Princess Jasmine is in disguise, and hanging out with Aladdin, when the guards capture him] Princess Jasmine: Let him go! Razoul: [laughs] Looky here, men. A street mouse. [throws her down] Princess Jasmine: Unhand him! [pulls off the hood of her cloak] Princess Jasmine: By order of the Princess. Razoul: [everyone falls silent and bows] Princess Jasmine! Aladdin: The Princess? Abu the Monkey: [peaks out from a jar] The Princess? Razoul: What are you doing outside the palace? And with this street rat? Princess Jasmine: That's not your concern. Do as I command. Release him! Razoul: Well, I would, Princess, except my orders come from Jafar. You'll have to take it up with him. Princess Jasmine: Believe me, I will.

§Aladdin ¤ [last lines] Genie: Made you look.

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: [singing] Riffraff, street rat. I don't buy that. If only they'd look closer. Would they see a poor boy? No, siree! They'd find out there's so much more to me. Aladdin: [sighs, no longer singing] Someday, Abu, things are gonna change. We'll be rich, live in a palace, and never have any problems at all.

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: Hey... can you make me a prince? Genie: [opens 'Royal Recipes' book] Uh, let's see. "Chicken à la King"? [chuckles] Genie: Nope. "Alaskan king crab". [pulls out a crab clamped to his finger] Genie: [flicking it off] Ow. I hate when they do that. "Caesar salad-" [arm with a knife raises from the book trying to stab him] Genie: Aah! Et tu, Brute? No. Aha! "To make a prince."

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [as a bee] Enough about you, Casanova. Talk about her. Aladdin: Huh? Genie: She's smart, fun. The hair, the eyes. Anything. Pick a feature.

§Aladdin ¤ Merchant: Welcome to Agrabah, city of mystery, of enchantment. AndthefinestmerchandisethissideoftheriverJordanonsaletoday! Come on down!

§Aladdin ¤ Jafar: Just... where did you say you were from? Aladdin: [as Prince Ali Ababwa] Oh, uh... uh, much farther than you've traveled, I'm sure. Jafar: Try me.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [after explaining to Aladdin that he can grant any wish his heart desires] You ain't never had a friend like me!

§Aladdin ¤ Woman: Getting into trouble a little early today, aren't we, Aladdin? Aladdin: Trouble? No way. You're only in trouble if you get caught. Razoul: [snatching Aladdin by the collar] Gotcha! Aladdin: I'm in trouble.

§Aladdin ¤ Jafar: [from inside the lamp] Get your blasted beak out of my face! Iago: Oh, shut up, you moron! Jafar: Don't tell me to shut up! Genie: [taking the lamp off Aladdin] Allow me. Ten thousand years in a Cave of Wonders ought to chill him out! [flicks them into the distance]

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [as tailor] First, that fez and vest combo is much too third century. These patches. What are we trying to say? Beggar? No. Let's work with me here. [after taking measurements, turns Aladdin's rags into fine clothes] Genie: Ooh, I like it! Muy macho!

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: I'm telling you, nice to be back, ladies and gentlemen. Hi! Where you from? What's your name? Aladdin: Uh... uh, Aladdin. Genie: Aladdin! Hello, Aladdin, nice to have you on the show. Can we call you Al, or maybe just Din? Or how about Laddie? [turns into a Scotsman] Genie: Sounds like, 'Here, boy!' [whistles] Genie: 'C'mon, Laddie!' [turns into a dog] Aladdin: I must've hit my head harder than I thought.

§Aladdin ¤ ["Snake" Jafar has Aladdin in a tight squeeze] Jafar: You little fool. You thought you could defeat the most powerful being on Earth. Iago: Squeeze him, Jafar. Squeeze him like a- Awk! [Genie elbows Iago and knocks him into the air] Jafar: Without the Genie, boy, you're nothing. Aladdin: The Genie... The Genie! The Genie has more power than you'll ever have! Jafar: What? Aladdin: He gave you your power. He can take it away. Genie: [smiling uncomfortably] Al, what're you doing? Why are you bringing me into this? Aladdin: Face it, Jafar. You're still just second best! Jafar: [slightly shocked] You're right. His power does exceed my own. But not for long.

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: Jasmine? I'm sorry I lied to you about being a prince. Princess Jasmine: I know why you did. Aladdin: Well, I guess... this... is goodbye? Princess Jasmine: Oh, that stupid law. This isn't fair! I love you. [Genie wipes away a tear from his eyes] Genie: Al, no problem. You've still got one wish left. Just say the word, and you're a prince again. Aladdin: But, Genie, what about your freedom? Genie: Hey, it's only an eternity of servitude. This is love! Al, you're not gonna find another girl like her in a million years. Believe me, I know. I've looked.

§Aladdin ¤ Princess Jasmine: Father, I choose Prince Ali! Jafar: Prince Ali left. Aladdin: [standing in the doorway to the balcony] Better check your crystal ball again, Jafar!

§Aladdin ¤ Sultan: Jafar, you vile betrayer! Iago: That's Sultan Vile Betrayer to you!

§Aladdin ¤ Aladdin: All this for a loaf of bread?

§Aladdin ¤ Princess Jasmine: [after their magic carpet ride around the world] It's all so magical. Aladdin: [as Prince Ali] Yeah. Princess Jasmine: [sneakily] It's a shame Abu had to miss this. Aladdin: Nah. He hates fireworks. He really doesn't like flying either. Uh... that is... um... Oh, no! Princess Jasmine: [pulls off Aladdin's turban] You *are* the boy from the market. I knew it! Why did you lie to me? Aladdin: Jasmine, I'm sorry! Princess Jasmine: Did you think I was stupid? Aladdin: No! Princess Jasmine: That I wouldn't figure it out? Aladdin: No! I-I mean... I-I hoped you wouldn't. Uh... no, that-that's not what I meant! Princess Jasmine: Who are you? Tell me the truth. Aladdin: The truth? The truth, um... The-the truth is, I... I-I sometimes dress as a commoner, um, to escape the pressures of palace life. But I-I really am a prince. Princess Jasmine: Why didn't you just tell me? Aladdin: Well, you know, uh... um, royalty going out into the city in disguise, I mean, it sounds a little strange, don't you think? Princess Jasmine: Hmm... Not that strange.

§Aladdin ¤ [repeated line] Aladdin: Do you trust me?

§Aladdin ¤ Iago: [taking Genie's lamp] Boy, Jafar's gonna be happy to see you. Jafar: [he switches to Jafar's voice] Excellent work, Iago. Iago: Ah, go on. Jafar: [again] No, really. On a scale of one to ten, you are an eleven. Iago: Oh, Jafar, you're too kind. I'm embarrassed. I'm blushing.

§Aladdin ¤ [repeated line] Cave of Wonders: Who disturbs my slumber?

§Aladdin ¤ Princess Jasmine: Please, try to understand. I've never done a thing on my own. I've never had any real friends. [Rajah grumbles in protest] Princess Jasmine: Except you, Rajah. [Rajah purrs happily] Princess Jasmine: I've never even been outside the palace walls. Sultan: But, Jasmine, you're a princess. Princess Jasmine: Then maybe I don't wanna be a princess anymore. Sultan: [exasperated] Oh! I, I... Sultan: [to Rajah] Allah forbid you should have any daughters! Rajah: Huh?

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: What would you wish of me? [as Arnold Schwarzenegger] Genie: The ever impressive... [as if trapped in a box] Genie: ... the long-contained... [as SeÒor Wences] Genie: ... the often immitated, but never... [multiplies himself] Genie: ... duplicated... duplicated... duplicated... duplicated... Genie of the Lamp! [as Ed Sullivan] Genie: Right here, direct from the lamp. Right here for your very much wish-fulfillment. Thank you.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [whispers] Psst. Your line is "I'm going to free the Genie." Anytime.

§Aladdin ¤ Genie: [sniffs tearfully] No matter what anybody says, you'll always be a prince to me. Sultan: That's right! You've certainly proven your worth as far as I'm concerned. It's that law that's the problem. Princess Jasmine: Father? Sultan: Well, am I Sultan or am I Sultan? From this day forth, the Princess shall marry whomever she deems worthy. Princess Jasmine: Him! I choose... I choose you, Aladdin. Aladdin: [chuckles] Call me Al.

§Aladdin ¤ [Iago is disguised as a flamingo. He turns around and finds a real flamingo smiling in his face] Iago: You got a problem, pinky? [he hits the flamingo with one of his stilts] Iago: Jerk.

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Sardar Khan: No matter how big the balls becomes, it stays under the penis.

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Sultan: This is Wasseypur. Here, even a pigeon flies with one wing, and uses the other to guard his innocence.

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Ramadhir Singh: Every fucker's got his own movie playing inside his head. Every fucker is trying to become the hero of his imaginary film. As long as there are fucking movies in this country people will continue to be fooled.

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Title Card: Hate is inherited

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Faizal Khan: Father, grandfather, brother- Your Faizal will avenge them all

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Sardar Khan: There is only one goal in my life, Revenge! I can't see Ramadhir Singh living his life anymore. I want to remove that bastard. I won't kill him, I will leave him screwed!

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Sardar Khan: Where's the fuckin key? Have you put the keys in the ass?

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Ramadhir Singh: Just as iron can cut iron, in the same way a chutiya will cut a chutiya, won't it?

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Ramadhir Singh: Son, you won't be able to do this.

§Gangs of Wasseypur ¤ Faizal Khan: I used to think that Bachchan was born in Sanjeev Kumar's house. But when my eyes opened, I saw that I am Shashi Kapoor.

